three-two-one Vancouver April 20th we're
doing a 420 show Chito Santino Andrew
Santino 20 Hinchcliffe and me that's
some big ass arena go to Joe Rogan calm
we're doing every year hi Jimmy hi buddy
I do a 420 show no headphones you wanna
do headphones are no harmful I don't
mind as well no I don't I don't know a
weird thing with what I have to have
claustrophobic really yeah it feels
weird you feel like the headphones are
tramping you I don't know I did I feel
like I'm underwater like I don't like
the way that sounds and now I know
that's better I look like an asshole but
it feels better a lot of people do that
yeah a lot of musicians do that they do
like one in one out it's the air it's
feeling the air I don't know why the
pressure of the headphones I just don't
like it
I like to be trapped you do trapped in
the headphones I don't care for at all I
like hearing the other person's voice
right next to mine so I don't talk
louder than they talk we don't talk over
each other
that's what does that's professional but
I can't like Howard I heard would do it
we're all I got they wouldn't even look
at each other like I have to be in the
room looking at the person's mouth like
I don't like to do it and look no
meaning there's the way they were set up
for the camera sometimes you're facing
both kind of the same way because of the
cameras they weren't always I don't
think face to face if you look at his
old set up wasn't like already sitting
behind him at one point you already was
sitting to the side of him and and then
the guest was like over there yeah yeah
I could never do that well you know
Howard also runs a board that's a
difference look he's got a bunch of shit
in front of him he's actually a trained
radio guys he knows all the Jamey shit
he knows all them switches all that
fancy stuff yeah yeah I have no idea
what the fuck's going on over there I
can basically set I can I can start and
stop and I hate I hate on the board it's
distracting and I don't like doing it it
just it doesn't feel fun you know it's
crazy they have full setups now for
podcasts like a podcast board that you
buy like it's set up for podcasts just
plug mics into it it's all kind of there
is they they have audio compression on
those things to you it's called like the
pot podcast or pro or something yeah a
name yeah you can put a phone into it
for calls and yeah yeah Wow yeah someone
take calls
I like being live we're live now - oh
yeah I like right now on this note we're
not live anymore oh you don't do like
you're always like the feeling of live
because if you fuck up it's out there no
there was companies that were
they were taking clips as we were live
and uploading them immediately and
building these huge channels with
hundreds of thousands of subscribers and
you could use that for anything they're
selling things links to stuff they're
basically building a business off of
your clips so you got to be a little bit
more you can't let that happen
you know you also don't know what
they're gonna turn that channel into you
know they could turn that channel into
anything right its YouTube is still a
little bit of like a Wild West sort of
situation then there was also copyright
issues like you get three copyright
flags in a row they take your whole
Channel - yeah and we had gotten a bunch
of them we've gotten them four clips
that we show we got them four pictures
like you have to try to figure out like
what's what are you allowed to do what
are you not allowed what's fair use and
is it fair use mean they just don't come
after you for it like I don't know what
that what it means either it's it's not
that clearly defined unfortunately but
it's also you know like the Internet in
general you know at one point in time
you can kind of put it like eight one
point in time with if you went to
YouTube you would find all kinds of shit
that was on people's channels that was
copyright protected stuff TV shows
movies music all kinds of stuff and
they've slowly started you know not not
really slowly this is accurate to say
they've come eliminated a lot of that
stuff now but they're operating at an
insane scale like the amount of people
that upload stuff to YouTube every day
is it's probably unimaginable like if
you could see it you can't keep up with
it but if you had a giant screen in
front of you and you saw all the videos
that are being instantly uploaded to
YouTube at any given moment you probably
like what ya like this is more there was
some crazy quote that there's more
content created today like I think what
is the number it's it's almost like in
one day there's more content being
created than in all of human history
before like 10 years ago Wow
yeah well how many podcasts are there
are there's like a couple hundred
thousands highways grown widely seven
hundred thousand seven hundred thousand
podcasts yeah it's also I don't know how
they keep up with what you're allowed to
put on what you're not if somebody
doesn't complain do they catch it and
pull it off or the algorithms catch it
and pull it off
time's yeah here what is this website of
the day there's like all these things
are happening every minute of the day
four million 166 thousand users like
posts on Facebook but what is the guilty
right here 300 hours it's uploaded every
minute Wow
but what about the thing about data like
the amount of data that people produce
today it's about it's something like
that I think it's like one days where
the data is equivalent to the entire
human history up until like 20 years ago
or something like that
uh-huh adblock they gotcha what does it
say here does it say you know what
you're talking about
yeah yeah it's a nutty quote Oh more
than three point seven billion humans
use the Internet
god damn it yeah who's it there are
people out there no internet you know do
you know Don Gavin is I funny you say
John Gavin I literally I know who he is
from all you guys that Boston guys love
them I just got him on Spotify because
I've seen clips mm-hmm and I'm like Dane
Cook put something up that Gavin is
releasing an album yes something I want
to hear him really do stand-up so I
really never watched it be so fucking
funny really good oh he's great yeah by
never I never sat down watched him to a
set back in the day he was the king like
when we were in Boston he just sit back
and you go oh my gosh it's quit you quit
doing yeah he was so good and he'd never
sent a text in his life until he texted
me to be on the show really yeah that
was first text was to you yeah he's like
it took me about an hour and a half
Oh looks like I'm doing here yeah he's
uh he's so old-school like he doesn't
just calls people and he had never sent
a text
Bob Kelly's like that though like some
guys her phone got Bob Kelly's a phone
guy like gyul texts them and you just
won't hear back and he likes to fucking
talk on the phone I hate it Joey Diaz
does that - he's a phone guy yeah Joe
but Joey has a logic to it he goes I
want to hear your voice it was I'm sick
I'm insecure I don't want to see no
fucking text message because I know what
that is what are you saying I want to
hear your voice I want to hear the love
and you okay that makes sense it's also
a great way to not have things recorded
if you don't want them actually in print
but yes Bobby just liked the phone like
I hate it tries to be nuts to come you
know I never
my phone's always on silent one too many
times I was in a relationship fucking
three in the morning huh you're getting
a vibration I'm like fine so my phone's
been on silent for ten years mmm yeah
ten years of silence yes
ring-ring errs they're gross like when
you hear someone in a fucking restaurant
do do do do do do do do do I get the
fuck out of here with that thing but
isn't it great watching somebody panic
and go into their purse yeah never
watched somebody panic and be truthful
like that's a justified reaction when
you're fucking panicking and going
through your stuff I kinda I kind of
appreciate that dude I'll just think it
before you sat down we've known each
other for so long and now we're like
these old men on the radio we've known
each other since we were kids
yeah like when I first met you we were
both in our twenties early twenties
young comics hanging around in New York
and now we're old yeah we are all I
think the men we did a gig together and
I remember it specifically I think you
featured actually I think I was the host
to do with the feature and you were
doing to the bit about Tyson of Robin
Givens and and I want to say was 1992 up
in the mountains in Jersey for a guy
named Pat Guarini I could be incorrect
but I think it was around night like a
pack on it might have been 1992 but I'm
pretty sure that was the earth could be
did a lot of gigs yeah it's hard to
remember and you were close with a guy
named John Tobin who I remember well
yeah yeah yeah it's um the passage of
time is a strange thing then it really
is because most the time it doesn't seem
like it's anything significant it's just
life you get up when the alarm goes off
you you know eat breakfast you put your
clothes on but then one day you know
you're hanging out with someone like
like you that I only get to see you like
once a year maybe twice a year and then
I'm like oh yeah look we're oh yeah
we're fucking the world keeps going yeah
keep you keep on keep on aging but do
you mind it like I don't mind it because
the more people you know that die like
as you get older they start dying
not just from unnatural causes but
natural cause and you're like fuck I
guess like whenever people die now as
much as it said I'm always like okay
that's one more person I lasted longer
then
and it's not that I'm happy to see them
go I know what you're saying but it's
like I know I wanted things count your
blessings me I'm winding my life down
yeah yeah you gotta count your blessings
it's it's one of those things where it's
so easy to get complacent it's so easy
to not you know to not appreciate things
so easy yeah I look around my life
sometimes you get depressed and you look
and you're like what am i complete have
everything I want it like if you told 18
year-old Jimmy Norton that he would be
complaining about this I would spit on
myself well it's like what we were
talking about before the show that there
was these people on a show and they
weren't making as much as the lead guy
who was this famous guy and they were
really pissed off at him and complaining
and then they eventually fucked the guy
over in the show got canceled now they
don't have anything yeah like you don't
realize like how good it is because
everyone's comparing themselves to other
folks they're comparing themselves to
other people that they're around other
people that they're with or I remember I
was reading something about Iran
Berkeley do you remember who he is do ya
boxing champion bad motherfucker Iran
Berkeley went broke even though he made
millions of dollars because he was
hanging out with all these pro athletes
and everybody's just out doing everybody
everybody's getting a Lamborghini or a
gold chain that's bigger than the other
guy's gold chain or a bigger house or
bigger that's everybody that next thing
you know you're broke you spent it all
yeah you like fuck and it's just this
it's all relative like even though
you've got things great you don't have
it as great as that guy over there so
comparatively you feel like a loser but
you gotta know where you're at - like
getting fired from me we got kicked off
Opie and Anthony in 2002 best thing that
ever happened to me because it showed me
they could all be taken away from you so
long before this whole culture of just
canceled culture and all this shit
happen I had had that moment of life is
good and then you're out it was a cut
the Condoleezza Rice thing right no that
was on XM that's when we almost got
fired from satellite no this was a sex
for Sam on terrestrial this is wneud
uh-oh that's when you guys get fired
because you had the people and they had
sex in a little section st. pat's yeah
so that was two years off the air but
that showed me that they can take
anything at any time
yeah so I've never thought I was
irreplaceable I never think I'm I got it
forever anything I have I know yeah can
be fucking yanked me
ya know it definitely can that was a
weird one to me because the big thing
was that these people had sex in a
Catholic cathedral that was the the big
reason why they got fired right because
they didn't ask these people to do it in
there did they yeah it was kind of a
contest it was known like you would get
what they call a two-point conversion if
you had anal like there was all these
weird things and it was a bad move to go
into st. Pat's thing when the st. Pat's
and there was an arrest and there was an
arrest it became real and it was so
avoidable on so many levels like so many
things yeah you look back you know why
did we just shut the fuck up and it
would have stopped you know you know why
do we push it but you know I'm glad it
happened now in hindsight well you know
in a lot of ways it's there's this thing
that people do you know we're talking
about re before the podcast where it's
you do things you're not supposed to do
so people go I can't believe you're
doing that and then there's just like
thrill to that there's a thrill to it
and then what happens is you have to
keep upping it yeah you have to keep
upping it yes and it's almost like you
get a fear like if I don't top last time
the people who like me are no longer
gonna like me and I'm gonna lose this
momentum I've picked up you become
afraid that the people who like you are
gonna go you're a fraud you're not doing
what we want you to do you so then you
keep topping yourself and keep topping
it's like the kid who eats bugs you know
what I mean you know then he's eating a
roach and the next thing you know he's
fucking he's doing this because he's
afraid of not topping himself then all
of a sudden being ignored Brian like Pat
like the intern Pat Oh Pat Duffy
Pat Duffy best PK cat shit he drank
people's vomit he was literally an
indestructible fucking man look if you
if you have to build the guys and like
in a military he's a type of mentality
you want oh yeah for sure you want to
get him when he's 18 yeah turn him into
a full salvage yeah what is he doing
these days I don't know I haven't talked
to him I don't know what about Pat from
Woon Aki you know I thought of him
recently he on Twitter I don't know
exactly dude I would love to have him
yeah Pat Philbin his name is I would
love to have him on to our radio show
because I miss Pat from Moonachie a lot
dude that day where he did the baby bird
the day where they had the eggnog dream
contest it was you and me and
and re and there was a couple of the
people in the studio as well yeah that
was one of my most fun times ever on the
radio she's so ridiculous the whole
floor you could never do that today
never never in a million years
we're in Opie and Anthony in the studio
the floor was covered in plastic bags
because they had an opening and opening
Anthony had an eggnog eating contest and
everyone would throw up there was you
get to a certain level of eggnog we just
couldn't take it anymore and Pat had to
throw up because he was diabetic so he
shouldn't been drinking that anyway we
should so he's drinking gallons and
gallons of eggnog and when he threw it
up we said like he was ready to go and I
said let's get Pat Duffy to lean his
head was that your suggestion yeah I was
doing fear factor back then I might my
head was all full of sick things that
was like what year was that mm I want to
say q18 seven wasn't really together on
that was on k-rock that was in a
terrestrial studio was it seven yes I'm
thinking it was yeah it definitely
wasn't three cuz we weren't on the raw
on the radio then oh right right right
um so he leans his head over this
garbage pail and Pat from Moonachie
blows judge like a fountain like the
most insane Stephen King like it was
that movie stand by me remember the kid
had the pie-eating contest the kids
throwing yeah yeah that's what it was
like literally didn't seem humanly
possible that a person could have that
much fluid in their body and then when
he was injecting it was like a cartoon
he's doing it in Pat's face 2006 2006
2006 Wow
and I can't believe I forgot you I used
to forget that that borough was there
that day yeah we're all there moon it's
one of those things you're glad you were
part of right like I'm happy I was there
for that I was happy I got to see that
it was so fun that show when it was in
its prime when it was in its peak was so
fun yeah and it was it was a hang and it
really influenced in a lot of ways the
way I do podcasts because it's there's
no structure it's just hanging out with
funny people just talking about stuff no
structure yeah just bullshitting
wherever it goes it goes I mean it
always go somewhere I mean these people
having a conversation it's always gonna
flow somewhere exactly
doesn't have to be controlled and
regimented and what do you wanna talk is
there anything worse when you go to a
radio show
what do you want - dude I've done radio
shows so they tell you they want you to
bring up certain subjects where you have
jokes you know there's blood not even
that long ago man like less than 10
years ago I did one of those national
radio shows in the Midwest and they
asked me to do that and I was like what
and the producer got upset and I go I
don't do that I'm not gonna do that
and like we need subjects well I think I
was like pissy with me yeah it's hard to
do because you feel embarrassed it's
like price you feel just you feel dirty
like when someone's doing your bit and
you know you're doing it there ah
they're fake laughing who's enjoying
this
that's what radio used to be though what
radio used to be like you'd go on WAAF
in Boston and you know you would talk to
the guys and you would kind of work in
your bits yeah you know and like
everybody did it everybody did their
bits yeah I guess it was a part of it
but I was never good at it well cuz
you're authentic but Opie & Anthony was
the first to me like Howard show was
much more controlled you know Howard's
behind the mixer he's kind of
controlling everything there was a
certain amount of time that he would
talk to you and then other people would
come in and then you know he had like a
more more of a structure whereas ona you
would go in there and Anthony would have
a gun and fucking you know Oh
Opie's behind the mixer just sort of
watching all this chaos go on different
comics come filtering in and you know
every time Marion Barry walked in yeah
he was going on swaye next door and we
he was like a little out of it and loopy
and we fucking we just hijacked them and
it kind of walked in like he had no idea
who we were it was really uncomfortable
about crack you went right into you it
was in that pipe it was like nobody
knows what's in that I go nobody knows
what's in that plan I'm like you knew
what's in that pipe the fuck you talking
about man
and the publicist would come on let's go
they wanted to get him out of there
wanted to get him out of there
immediately yeah that was fun Marion
Barry he died not too long after that I
don't think right it wasn't that long
after that yeah it was funny man I
remember there was a an interview they
did where there was a news station they
were talking about to people about his
arrest and all this stuff and they
interviewed this guy goes come on man
everybody smokes a little crack every
now and then
like everybody smokes a little crack
every now and then that's a great quote
from a mayor that's a great mayor's who
wasn't him though he wasn't saying it
someone else okay in defense of him all
right if it was him saying that that
would be hilarious yeah Mike having this
no it was another guy that was on the
street who was like everybody smokes a
little crack every now and then did he
get reelected after that Jesse did I
think he went to jail came out and got
reelected yeah yes people DC very
forgiving lol yeah yes forgiving it
strange fucking placement so how do you
handle this man this whole culture were
in it's a it's it's it's not it's not
scary it's more irritating like anything
you say people who are looking to I
don't mean if you say something horrible
they're gonna react like you said
something horrible yeah anything you say
people are looking for a reason like
they're looking for something because
the high that they get is by going after
you and they know that they're high
doing it did you see that lady that was
talking about the Kobe Bryant death and
she accidentally said the n-word oh she
said makers yeah makers yeah she was
trying to she thought she was either
saying the Knicks or the Lakers yeah and
she said the makers yeah I think she
said the n-word but she said she said
she said makers but I you know I I think
she said the n-word I think it just it's
almost like it's so taboo that it's in
people's heads like I'm Martin Luther
King's birthday
there's always an anchor that gets fired
because he can't remember that Martin
Luther King jr. are all separate words
and you should not conflate the last two
or you're gonna get fucking fired
King and jr. they put it together too
fast and it comes out wrong yeah yeah
that's what happens all the time all the
time the word the word Coon is such a
weird one too because who the fuck calls
black people Coons that's a really
old-school old southern one yeah racist
ones range it was a known insult when I
was a kid but I don't even know if that
was one I even heard when I was a kid I
definitely have heard it I definitely
heard it in pool halls I definitely
heard it was from old dudes it was like
an old dude thing like guys and their
fucking 60s and shit but I had a friend
who has severe anxiety issues he has
panic attacks and he eventually had to
quit doing stand-up
so he was he he was doing the warm-up
for the Bill Cosby Show okay and he is
doing the thing and talking to people in
the crowd and Bill Cosby is obviously
super squeaky-clean show and the warm-up
has to be squeaky clean and while he's
walking around the crowd he has this
unstoppable thought in his head don't
say the N word don't say it don't say it
don't say it just don't say that word
and he said I am sweating he goes sweat
is pouring down the sides of my face my
hands are shaking and I'm so terrified
all I could think of his don't say that
word don't say that he goes I never say
that word yeah I never say that word but
his brain because he has anxiety issues
and he's got OCD in a bunch of different
like he's got mental issues he was
paralyzed and feeling he had a
full-blown panic attack so here he is
doing a warm-up he can't even talk and
he's got a microphone he's standing
around these people and then he's
becoming ruthlessly conscious of the
fact that all these people are watching
him he's like holy fuck I can't do this
and he's like his heart is beating out
of his chest and he's like the only
victory was that I didn't say the word
yeah the only victory that was what I
was really hoping his story and I was I
was hoping that was in the introduction
and he lost everything but yeah
sometimes if you focus on something that
you can't say yes and I think these
anchors get caught up the woman when
Kobe done I also think that she was just
panicking but it's to give your
panicking and that word drops out like
Lakers what years gee I'm sure I don't
want to give any more heat on that I
don't want to make that lady feel bad
it's okay we don't have to hear it I
don't you know yeah poor poor lady she I
don't like she meant it no no no no
anger means to say that unless live I
mean imagine like she leaves that and
then she fucking dons a hood and she's
like this is me all along yeah yeah yeah
I had this guy in here the other day
Darrell Davis who's I think I saw his
picture yeah this is his music he's
converted 200 different KKK and Nazis to
leave the organization 200 by just
hanging out with them being friends with
them just getting to know them and a lot
of people were like I know
never really sat down had a drink with a
black guy before he's like how is that
possible yeah how is that possible and
so just and he's a musician by trade I
mean that's what he has a really good
musician
and just by doing that just by getting
to know these people just kidding they
were like they just were afraid they
didn't know any people they just felt
like they did and he's super articulate
as well so like talking to him you
realize like oh this guy's really smart
and then if you talk to him time after
time after time hours after hours after
you realize like it's guys fucking
smarter than me so when you're doing
that you realize I'm like oh there's no
way black people can be inferior this is
nonsense this guy is a black guy right
in front of me right now and he's
talking using words that I barely
understand that's how the guy in the
Klan would say that's ugly yeah and the
Klan felt yeah and after a while he
asked him to come to his house and he
said I'm quitting I'm cleaning the Klan
he gave him his robe really yeah so he
collects robes now he came and he
brought like Grand Wizard robes and
grand dragon robes got a Nazi outfit he
had Nazi flags the guys have given him
yeah do you know when I was a teenager I
was so I was very you know was y'all was
drinking and I remember I was so
anti-klan I had read some book on the Ku
Klux Klan and it was the preacher for
the Klan his name was in the book so I
called the information I called the FBI
and I tried to stop a Klan rally but I
called this guy at home this this Klan
preacher and I started you know that's
wrong you're a racist you know I was 14
and and he told me like you know I left
the Klan I'm not in the Klan anymore and
he actually talked to me for a few
minutes Wow yeah but I was before you
could Vic you know I was fucking just 14
and drunken trying to make a difference
how cool is that though let he talked he
did talk to me yeah and I'll never
forget it and I my father I think knew I
was drinking afterwards cuz he's like he
heard some of the conversation I think
it started with me calling the FBI or
the CIA I could you called me I've got a
few times back then you called the FBI
that's what I would do it I drank yeah
it was a fucking crazy person okay I
called the FBI yeah when I met you like
oh fuck we're probably early 20s right
yep
and I was like why did you quit drinking
and you're like yeah why did you quit
doing drugs yeah and you're like I had
to yeah I pulled a bomb threat in my
high school I remember I cleared the
high school I did that when I was uh I
want to say I was 17 or 18 and we used
to get drunk in my friend's house and
there was a there was a
some number you could call for like help
from nuns so I would have my friends
sitting around and I would always call
up and pretend that like I would make up
these horrible incest stories and
terrible sexual things that were
happening to me my fucking friends would
be laughing and the nun to be trying to
counsel me on the phone oh Jesus and
then I called a bomb threat I did it a
couple of times it didn't work and the
third time I did at the final time I did
it they actually had people leave the
school and go outside while they
searched the school drunk bomb threats
didn't fucking TJ Miller do that
recently it was something with him on a
train but it wasn't a threat he I think
he had something with a woman but didn't
he call a bomb threat in I don't know
who is a threat or if he thought she
would have one like I never got the full
story I thought she really had one I bet
I don't know I remember I don't remember
what the conclusion was if you're really
fucked up and you think someone you
might have a bomb like paranoia like
real like full-blown paranoia like I
remember um you know Jim Breuer course
it was a legendary pothead and one time
he quit and he quit for quite a while
and I said well why why'd you quit he
goes dude because I started getting
really paranoid like paranoid that
people were listening to me and the
people were following me and watching me
it was not healthy it was not good and
you know I wonder about that like when
you perturb normal states of
consciousness when you take like the
normal way you are and you start
changing it a little bit with a little
bit of booze a little bit of booze a
little bit of anxiety a little bit of
depression a little bit of bad things a
little bit of this a little bit that
I'll take a little xanax take the edge
off then I'll take a valium so I can go
to sleep time take an ambien if the
valium doesn't work and you keep going
and going and going and going you're
you're like you know how like there's
certain things you could do that can
give you arthritis right there's certain
things that corrode your joints there's
certain things you can do that that make
you tightly the more chemicals you
insert in your body the more things you
do the more you shift from like you're
comfortable baseline of who you are when
you're at your yeah and your healthiest
you change you become a different thing
and I think pot is just as likely to do
that as anything if you're doing it the
wrong way if you abuse it
I think alcohol can do it I think pot
can do it pills speed I think all those
things can surely do it but it's strange
to see when someone starts to slip away
and they start to go
Oh towards it's like very strange
version of themselves that you know they
don't have control anymore yeah is that
how you felt like when you were a kid
yeah from a very young age it was a
weird but I was very addicted it was
like sexual addiction firstly that was
the first one and sexual addiction yes
you you were drinking when you were 13
you said yeah but I mean I was a child I
was sexually active as a kid like
fucking i-i've 10 sexual partners before
fourth grade what I've never told you
that yeah yeah how was that possible I
was blowing all my friends I was a
fucking couldn't stop how did that get
started you know I don't remember the
first one but I remember there's a
picture I can date it because I there's
a picture of me when I was a kid when I
split my head open and I was I remember
I split my head open running from the
boy who is a year older than me and I
used to blow him but I was scared of him
he was abused I terrorized me but I
would I remember I'm trying to fuck me
once too but I was I couldn't do it like
I vaguely remember I was in the hallway
my pants were down his fucking dick oh
he smelled like I fucking mothballs cuz
they would do any more fucking
Budweiser's bathing trunks they had
Budweiser on them and he were Budweiser
bait but I was anything so you have like
mothballs in his drawer as dressing he
must have but that smell is is a
visceral memory I have of that he's the
kid that pissed in my mouth I fucking I
was in a public pool in Edison New
Jersey this is how young I was I didn't
know that so I went and he I was blowing
him underwater and then he goes I popped
up because he he pissed in my mouth so I
popped up I'm I don't do that anymore
anyway
I put my foot down and I went back and I
did it again so I stopped blowing him at
that moment because my Wystan pool
dude that is hilarious so you were
blowing them in the pool yeah I didn't
think people could see the water I was
so young if I can't see them they can't
see me at the photo I had with the split
of my head is 1973 so I was five so I
know at that age I was already involved
so I have an absolute photo that dates
exactly so you were blowing kids when
you were five yeah so what do you think
started that off don't know it must have
been you know just
one kid one kid opened the door the rest
of us fucking ran through it I mean I
don't know I just don't know what
started I have very vague fleeting
memories so at five years old you were
all sexually active you and your buddies
yeah and then he got a little older six
seven eight like you know it was uh I I
don't remember who was first who was
second I remember with my one friend got
erections and I didn't get him like I
didn't know what they were it was five
he was he might be six or seven trods
six years old but I remember not knowing
that we used to count sucks that's what
it would do like alright I'll give you
ten and you give me ten and you would
fucking develop technique did you figure
out like what's the best way to suck a
dick I don't know at that age I don't
think so cuz I think it was all about
getting you to do me after all right I
think that was kind of the goal right of
course there was a lot of it man and I
have it again I can date it because I
moved Halloween a fourth grade to North
Brunswick so any experience that
happened within this place I know it
happened before that mmm yeah wow that's
crazy
so do you think that this kid did you
know that if this kid was molested don't
know I mean there had to be somebody had
to be getting fucked because there's no
way all of us were that sexually active
for no reason yeah I just don't remember
I have too many memories like being in a
basement and they're not exactly
remembering I have weird memories
possibly with adults like it's kind of
like watching uh it fades in and out and
I wish my memory was better but it's
just no one's really is you know that's
the weird thing about memories when it
comes to being you know a young person
no one's memories are very good you have
like flashes I have like some things
that I definitely remember like because
they're like facts like when I was seven
we drove across the country you know I
remember those yeah I remember we got in
an accident on Lombard Street in San
Francisco you know that's like the
crooked Street in the world right I
remember that because I remember someone
tried to pass us and I remember scratch
the car I remember that but like there's
little tiny things like sometimes I'll
talk to my sister or I'll talk to my mom
she's like do you remember that thing
that also it's like I open up a folder
like oh yeah
I remember that guy whatever happened to
him you know it that guy didn't exist in
my brain until a couple sex right and
then I'm like look at this old folder
let's open up my old memory of that yeah
you know sometimes those are scary
though and like I'm gonna know III many
times Drive back to that area cuz it's
in Edison and I'll Drive back when I'm
doing the stress factory or a gig and
I'll just I'll drive through that
neighborhood and I'm like what the fuck
happened here well something happened
here and it might not just be one moment
but something happened here that kind of
shifted me because I don't know exactly
what it is
and dr. drew told me I was molested I
mean maybe he's right I don't know well
at the very least you were sexually
involved with someone else who might
have been molested yeah well I mean
without it did the odds are it had to be
wonderful that was another thing that
came up this article that I was saying
that the origins of homosexuality were
saying that I was homophobic cuz the
origins of sexuality homosexuality is
them people being molested when they're
younger that's not what I said and let
me explain that to people if you're gay
if you read that you feel bad that can
happen to people who would not be
inclined towards homosexuality if
they're molested when they're younger
mmm-hmm dr. Chris Ryan the guy who wrote
sex at dawn was explaining it to me is
that there's a you you pad like what is
the term not necessarily patterning
imprinting that when you're sexually
active like if someone's sexual with you
when you're young and that person
happens to be a man you can imprint and
you can develop sexual feelings in
response to that like you get your your
brain triggers sexual feelings towards
men or you might not be inclined so like
even if you're not actually homosexual
you're still turned on by men in a
certain way because you were molested
it's one of the reasons why they say but
they don't really know why people who
get molested wind up molesting people
but it's really common it's like you
know somebody described it best like
it's almost like a vampire bites you and
this thing like you're passing it on to
the next person this this creepy thing
but that you know that this is another
thing where people took out of context
saying that you know I'm homophobic but
for me there's all kids of my age group
that I remember I I have vague adult
memories but not anything concrete that
I can say was sexual
like you I mean like it just kind of
it's like a smoke that comes by and it
leaves and that's kind of how those
memories are but with their with the
kids they were all kids in my age within
a year or two of each other so it wasn't
like that's why I don't like being a
victim so I feel like you know I dive
Ahlan tiered man I showed up there was a
lot of times I wanted to play the game
and well you were five you know I mean I
have so few memories when I was five I
mean I bet you probably don't know why
you were doing or what what happened
before that that started it and caused
it I bet the person who you're doing it
with they'll mate you know when people
get molested when they're really young
one of the big issues is they block it
out yeah I don't remember a goddamn
thing they their brain protects them
from all the darkness yeah I think so
and I've heard that enough so I'm almost
think I always try to find something to
explain but maybe it wasn't that bad
maybe it was just me and my friends and
then it just kind of developed into
something that was fun and it felt good
I mean good yeah again I can't I can't
say there was any ominous force behind
it I just don't remember but it's weird
because it's like most kids don't blow
their friends yeah that's a great name
most kids don't blow their friends that
should be your next comedy on my new
tour but it's so something we assume
something happened but not necessary
right because the first kid that blew
his friends I mean there had to be one
guy somewhere in history that was like I
got an idea yeah like people do who's
the first guy to pierce his septum right
yeah who's the first guy to tattoo his
face who's the who's the first guy know
to butt-fuck their hands first
well that one might have come
simultaneously two places at once you
never know that might have been a couple
of thoughts at the same time what do you
think buttfucking started like chimps
clearly but fuck
right like bonobos they must but fuck
each other they fuck do you know what
bonobos have they only have one taboo
which is the mom won't have sex with the
son Wow and then interesting yeah like
the whole culture is filled with with
sex like chimp bonobo chimps all the the
males breed their daughters the they
exchange sex it's like a social token
like they resolve issues with sex like
their their one animal that like clearly
has massive amounts of recreational sex
and they don't have any violence and the
anal I don't know where that comes I
wonder if that's just because of a
position where somebody's on their
stomach and the person behind them the
or the creature behind them is just like
this your ass is easier yeah I don't
know yeah I'm not a big fan of ass fuck
you I like a little bit but I'm not
crazy about it yeah I used to like it
more when I was younger
well I mean it seems messy it has been
yet time at times yeah there's been a
few issues could be painful it's not
really supposed to go in there no it's
not but some people love it they love it
I can do it once in a while I can't you
know I can feel yeah I'm not not a lot
yeah it's a little sloppy well it's you
know it it's if someone's trans and they
don't want to transition and they don't
want to have a vagina they just want to
keep their penis then there's not a
whole lot of options so yeah you fucked
them or they fuck you yeah there's
there's two you know it's two option you
know so it's kind of I you know you
switch off yeah it's uh it's interesting
how the the just the amount of people
that are just people talking about trans
people has changed you know like what
the numbers you never heard that when I
was a kid yeah I never heard it when I
was in high school you never heard about
no one was trans no no one thought
they'd be trans in high school now kids
in high school or trans like a lot of
kids are trans you got to wonder like
what what is that you know I think
people are gentle or with it now and
that's one thing I think the younger
generation is a little smarter with is
that they don't just judge you for it
and people can kind of be comfortable
being who they are yeah the people I
mean I'm sure trans people existed but
you just I'm you didn't know what to
call it nobody know I didn't know what
it was when I first saw it or
encountered it I had no idea what it was
well there's a movie or a book rather
that I read about Custer and one of the
parts of the book is about this guy who
went somewhere and came back and his
wife had died and it turned out that his
wife had been a man
and everybody found out and so he had
like this this thing he said you know if
anything happens to my wife you know
like don't touch her leave her alone
wait till I come back well they didn't
do that they did an examination they
found out that she had a dick and the
guy wanted killing himself but so this
was something that was going on in the
1800s in the Wild West this guy was in
like this wild west town and he had a
trans wife and he just they had to keep
it quiet and when people found out about
it he wound up killing himself yeah
there's so much shame it's funny I just
talked about this somewhere else too but
there's so much shame around it for the
man not just for the trans people but
for the men who like trans people this
isn't just Shane of course that's one of
the things I really appreciate about you
that you don't give a fuck you talk
about everything that you like you talk
about everything that you don't like
about yourself and I think because you
do that on the radio and because you do
that freely and openly I think you help
a lot of people man I really do because
I think you make it cuz everybody loves
you right so like you can come on this
podcast and you know you could say
anything you know I love you and there's
no way if your sexual desires or
interest is gonna affect that in any way
and so you could be free and then we
could all talk about stuff and then it's
probably some kid out there that's going
I think I'm okay yeah I think I'm okay
I'm not think I'm a freak fucking
everybody loves Jim Norton like it's
okay I get emails from people a lot of
guys have sent me messages to go hey man
thanks for talking about that because it
made me feel like it was alright to like
that or made me feel more you know
everything we're a culture that likes to
scold each other yeah because it you
know it's like you have to be
comfortable talking about it and
realizing hey you might not say this
word right you might not express it
right we're doing the best we can to
grapple with this whole thing but it's
about self-identification for men am i
homosexual that's why guys don't talk
about it cuz we don't know who it makes
us
I think the scolding thing is a big
point what you just said that people are
worried that people are gonna scold them
and you know one of the things that
people do when they're worried about
that is they scold other people first
yeah you know that's what what bullies
are when people go around beating people
up the reason why they go around beating
people up is because they're afraid
someone's gonna do it to them they're
insecure so they want to have power over
those other people because they're
terrified
someone's gonna want to have power over
them because they're weak and this is
like that expression hurt people hurt
people
yeah like when you see online bullying
or on like people ganging up on people
online I guarantee you every one of
those people that's doing that it's
terrified that it's gonna come back to
them yeah and they're just throwing
rocks and hoping no rocks come back
their way hoping the mob doesn't look at
them hoping and praying yeah hoping and
praying be a part of it as opposed if
you're not a part of it you could be the
one that they're doing it to yeah and
I've chosen particularly over the last
few years when I recognized like there's
a difference between my reach and my
influence and other people's I don't do
that I don't retweet things that people
say that they're mean to me and say once
you eat shit fuckface or you know like
what a cute person you are
I could easily and then millions and
millions of people would see that and
then this person would go into a fucking
panic attack and look at the Twitter and
their feed the phones blowing up and
yeah although in inbox coming in then
they have to go see their counselor
their psychiatrist they get doxed you're
dead right yeah that all that stuff is
people skin and this is one of the
things that I think is a real problem
with social media in general and Twitter
in particular the that method of
communication of just doing texts out
there
once it gets personal like it's one
thing if you like look they just
discovered a new city under the ocean
that's what I use it for or maybe a joke
or two but when you get personal with
someone like you're getting personal in
a way that you're not connecting with
them you're throwing a text out there
and you're also doing it publicly for
the whole world but you're not
communicating with that person
one-to-one like a human being and
because of that because you're not
communicating with them one-on-one like
a human being you don't feel them you
feel like you can say mean things yeah
and go after you you almost want it you
almost want people to go after them you
almost want bad things to happen just to
see if what's your what you're doing
this game is effective yeah you don't
Jamie kills team right I do yeah Jamie
talked real openly on the podcast about
who he used to be and who he is
oh yes do that he used to do that go
after people and he's real open about
how he was just completely 100% virtuous
signaling yeah he was just wanted people
to like him he said he was
I would be walking on the street and I
just had to check my phone constantly
because to see what how do people
respond to my texts or my tweet how do
people respond you know attacking some
senator you fucking bigot you homophobe
and I'm just checking constantly in that
yeah and then afterwards they came after
him because you can never be virtuous
enough never never there's no one out
there that's virtuous enough and if
you're gonna be cruel to people get
ready cuz it's coming back at you it's
coming back to you and that's the beauty
like you know I like I mean yeah I never
want to shame other people for that shit
like just if you make a mistake you say
something fucking stupid so be it like
who might have sit there and get mad at
somebody I mean believe me and people
come at me I mean my preferences are not
always fuckin popular online either I'm
you know of course I get called horrible
shit
I just don't it doesn't bother me but I
mean I mean I'm 51 year old man - it's a
when you know when you're 51 and you
come to the environment of stand up for
30 years
it's a little easier to have a thicker
skin sometimes - yeah whereas somebody
who is 19 or 20 who has been raised in
this fucking this psychotic fake polite
culture because it's not polite it's
vicious what's fake polite right um and
when they start getting insulted I don't
know if they a lot of times know how to
process that no most people don't and
you know you also understand what it is
it's causing people to behave the way
they're behaving whereas a 19 year old
just thinks they're terrible and they
need to die yeah I mean this is one of
the things that's so awful about kids
that get bullied online and wound up
killing themselves like you didn't you
know you had to just get through that
you got through that you would
understand what it is you know you'd
understand that these people these are
just these anybody that's saying that to
you that's a damaged person they're all
fucked up themselves and if you were
around them personally you and them
alone in the room I guarantee you they
wouldn't do that to you
know most and most of them you wouldn't
even want to do it just like you you've
talked to people most of me like oh you
your hands feel the same as anybody else
when I shake them like hey and you
realize they're okay yes the separation
that social media gives us along with
the connection like you get this
connection where it's like you can send
a tweet out and maybe it can reach
people and they go oh that's kind of
cool and that there is this weird
connection but the disconnect like the
emotional and the social disconnect the
lack of social cues between two people
when you're just communicating online
that is that's not good for us we're not
supposed to communicate like that ya
know it's bad it's impersonal it's it's
kind of dangerous to a lot of people
because it gives you this false sense of
you know you like you're like you're not
saying something that's gonna hurt
someone you you like if you were in
front of that person you wouldn't want
them to cry but you want them to cry if
you're not there if you want to say the
most vicious mean shit when they're not
there when people like you know and
again we mentioned re you know I know
you I know you love re I love re I've
known him for many years when you when
someone says dumb shit and people do say
dumb shit and then there's people get
there are times people are justifiably
mad at you like hey look you said
something really stupid publicly so
people hurt that in the middle of their
grief and they're like hey fuck you pal
like people are angry yeah but then it
gets to a point where those that day is
past and then there are people who just
want to hurt you for it there's people
who just want to punish you there's
people who just want to see you suffer
so how do you tell all the time who's
just reacting to something you said
because it's a comedian I say public
things people who in the public with me
have the right to say something yes yeah
well I think what already did you have
to come up with a new word I don't think
dumb is good enough we need a better
word it's it was so stupid but it's also
what you said earlier that you got to
keep ramping it up you know do think we
were talking about earlier was that
before the podcast it was before I not I
think yeah what the the thing is when
you do outrageous things just to get
people to like ah look at Jimmy's crazy
yeah you gotta you get caught in a trap
and you keep doing it more and more
outrageous and with Ari
he's always done this thing where when
people die he would make the meanest
comment even about someone he loved like
Tom Petty he said some horrible shit
about Tom Petty and Aretha Franklin and
all these different people that died but
he just did it for shock value yeah
and you got to keep upping that every
time like every time someone dies people
like his sicko fans would go straight to
Ari and want Ari to comment on it right
and you know it's a trap and that's a
that's a terrible try and you you see
guys lean into those
right like it becomes a part of their
persona it becomes a part of their
identity
well the trap is also when you if
there's something you don't want to say
or if you like nah that's too fucked up
to say but if I don't say it they're
gonna think that I'm selling out or I'm
not the same performer like you have to
be willing to disappoint people that
want to hear that too if you're gonna
survive in that kind of a in doing that
stuff yeah I don't know how what's gonna
happen with Arie like how he's gonna get
through this but in some ways you know I
never want to say is a good thing that
he did that but he needed to know that
there are are consequences for just just
saying ridiculous shit that you're not
supposed to say when people die you know
and he's this really fucked up thing
about Arie is he's a really good guy but
in his persona sometimes he's a heel and
he doesn't on purpose yeah you know and
so like you see that video and he's
ain't you know he's like smiling and
laughing cuz Kobe Bryant's dead
that's his heel persona yeah and he
thinks he's playing up like all there's
gonna be great people gonna be so mad
but he had no idea he had no idea he
misjudged the country's grief oh yeah
and obviously I think there's he didn't
know who else was on the hell he didn't
believe this explanation when I read his
explanation I believed it like I don't
but I first saw it I didn't know if he
was serious or not I mean I know what he
does but I just saw that clip I'm like
maybe he hated him I didn't he didn't I
didn't know what he was doing but then
when I read his explanation I believed
him one part of me feels responsible
this is why I convinced him that he
could have an iPhone and that he could
be okay just put a timer on it I go just
put a timer on it I go my daughter as a
timer on her phone she couldn't use it
for an hour a day just put a timer on
your phone and he should've stuck with a
fucking flip phone man yeah I had a lady
that was posting for him a friend of his
like I think he gave her some money and
he would he would send his tweets to her
stuff like that and then she would post
him for him I think that's not one and
that's way better cuz then you got a
filter system they know where she could
calm up what the fuck is wrong with you
and he but what we're gonna talk yeah
but no I'm not saying that asshole ergo
you
what should I say you know like and
there was like a humanity level look I
also Ari is legitimately insane he's
definitely got layers of it's insanity
that he battles with he does and I'm and
I it's funny when I hosted down and
dirty with Jim Norton and there was a
bunch of comedians on our he was one of
the comedians I had on and at the end of
his said he took his dick out if I can
pull his pants that took his dick out on
HBO and they were furious and no one
knew who's gonna do it and I had to go
out and shake his hand with his fucking
pants around his ankles he waved at the
crowd and I don't even remember if that
made the final cut but that's 2008 so
you know somebody who has a reputation
of just doing completely crazy shit yeah
it doesn't surprise me when the person
does something that is crazy no he's
always gotten a certain amount of
attention for doing he was that he's the
wild man you know he's you know he
doesn't have any responsibilities he
lives like a vagabond he's made a ton of
money but he lives in a tiny apartment
yeah that was always a reputation now I
guess he lives with his girl but uh he
he'd never bought a car
he had the shittiest oldest most
fucked-up car it was a manual
transmission car because that was
cheaper like Ari's like so frugal like
he would he would get mad at people like
why are you spending your money what the
fuck is wrong with you
like like why you buying a nice car like
that - Ari was like the dumbest shit you
could ever do he wanted to like hoard
all his money and then not have any
responsibility he wanted to make sure
that he could just disappear and go to
China for three months I just hang out
not on anybody anything not owe anybody
anything and be free be like
legitimately free so like any time he
felt like he was trapped in any sort of
corporate structure or anything he would
fucking panic you know like and that's
one of the you know it's it's one of the
parts of his personality that where he
kind of leans into this like sort of
outside a role you know he he doesn't
want too much success he would get mad
when people started taking pictures with
him after the sober October shows he's
like you fucking arseholes made me too
famous because I can't even go anywhere
I'm like that is the most hilarious
thing to say he was actually mad that he
was going places and people wanted to
take pictures with him no but is it
really that he didn't like it or is it
like sometimes you get afraid of it
because then
taste it and you're afraid it's gonna go
away - that's one thing with success the
more of it you get this more scared you
are that they're gonna bother you so
with Ari with Ari I think he actually
didn't like it like he likes a certain
amount of anonymity it's one of the
reasons why he like going to Asia that's
why he went there on vacation cuz no one
knew who he was
he got recognized like twice in four
months the entire time he was there he
loved it yeah he loved it he should go
there right now yeah it might be a good
time to lay low might want to move there
I just don't know how often I mean or
how how long it'll take before this if
it does at all blows over I made that
little sort of explanation on his
Instagram but it might almost be better
if he did a video yeah you almost have
to humanize yourself and discuss what
happened because it's very hard to
explain that to people because then
they're like yeah there's dumb friends
that are defended him well like that
one's defending him no it's the only
ones head
no one's defending him you know I would
never defend what he said but what I
would say is this like I'm not a moron
I'm friends with him I love the guy it's
not because he's a bad guy he's a great
guy he's one of my smartest friends he's
very interesting but he's also we're all
crazy I don't know a single goddamn
funny person that's not crazy yeah but
his crazy is a different kind of
self-destructive crazy it's a different
kind of crazy you know you have you're
crazy I got my crazy
Robert Kylie's got his crazy everyone's
got their own crazy you know there's
there's something that compels you to
want to be on stage in front of all
those fucking people talking every night
telling jokes doing it on a podcast
doing it on the radio it's a real weird
personality that causes people to do
things like that
yeah and you're around people who are
doing it and who are doing it really
well and then you see them getting more
and more successful and then there's
like oh like you know you don't want to
watch everybody pass you by either right
so you're like oh this thing works for
me let me just keep doing this thing and
then you kind of get married to doing
that thing that works for you are you
lean into it you lean into what you love
and we I've seen that happen with people
where all of a sudden they seem like
white nationalists like what is going on
I realize oh that's where they're
getting attention from they're getting
attention from all these people that are
like you know Kyle they're kind of like
into white nationalism and so they start
leaning into that I'm like that was that
guy always
like that did he hide it from me I kind
of mind that's right I thought he was
conservative and then I think what it is
is like that's where their breads being
buttered that's where they're getting
attention and so they they like yeah
yeah go tell them go get them yeah
Dwight people have been the one the
founding people this country and white
people this white people and you see
them start to repeat those sentiments
and you go oh okay you're leaning into
the attention that's what's going on
here there's people there like you and
then show that showing you love so it's
kind of hard to risk losing people who
love you as a performer we're terrified
of it especially when you start
developing an audience and that audience
is like you know that's those are the
people that actually like you they
actually love you they actually will
come pay to see you there and so you go
okay what do I have to do to get them do
you meant like here's a good example
like my early act when I first started
to in stand that was terrible
but what I realized that there was three
stages of stand-up in my career the
first stage was I was doing anything to
get a laugh yeah and it was basically
like a tool like I was like I had a
ruler or a hammer or a nail and I had no
connection to that material I would tell
jokes jokes like Street jokes someone
told me a street joke I would tell that
onstage
it was no there was no art to it I was
just terrified and I wanted to get
laughs then once I started doing pretty
good and started I would work
professionally and I was getting some
gigs and stuff then I started doing
stuff that I thought was funny
and I was remember being so happy with
that because I'd be like instead of
being so scared of like just being out
there and could I get a laugh get a
laugh girl laughs what I do get a laugh
instead of that then I would get into
like what do I think it's funny right
and then then let's go here's what's
fucked up to me like why is this and
then like people go that's really smart
like I remember people say like oh
that's good material that your new stuff
I love your new stuff like okay finally
I'm doing stuff that other people that I
like like people that appreciate things
that I appreciate would think are funny
then once I got better at that and I
became like a real like a headliner and
established then I started turning ideas
into comedy then I would turn ideas like
a guy had some complicated ideas that
I've worked on for years to try to turn
two bits and one of them was the the the
D evolution of man like I put it on my
2005 Netflix special I don't know it's
on Netflix anymore showtimes just called
joe rogan live from 2005 and it was a
bit that i worked on for years about how
dumb people outbred smart people and
that's what the pyramids are like we out
fuck the smart people and they just left
us with a bunch of shit we don't
understand and it was this long it took
me forever to work that bit in and that
bit to me was like there's like okay now
I understand how to turn a concept into
a into a bit not just things that I
think are funny but things that I think
are interesting and try to get those
interesting ideas and put them into
stand-up form and things you want to say
like the key for comedians and where a
lot of comics go wrong is like it's got
to be funny too like we have to be funny
while we're like I never go on the stage
and think I'm gonna teach the audience a
fucking educate the fucking audience
hate them if they learn anything from it
or if they like it's got to be funny
first or it has to be fucking funny and
I look at my old stuff man mommy -
fucking how was your character you
happy-go-lucky you know how we doing
like oh it's repulsive dude it's fucking
impulsive
what isn't it so nice you got through
that and now you're something different
thank God I got through it yeah I just
started standing there and talking and
being more comfortable yeah we used to
do that thing I know pian Anthony we
would dissect your old stand-up and I
brought in a 1993 stand-up tape and
Colin Patrice Voss and I think Paul
Mercurio is the other comedian dissected
it on Opie Anthony
I've got some old videos but I can't
even pull them out they're embarrassing
right how they're terrible cuz they're
revealing if they look how hard I was
trying oh I wanted to be liked so bad do
you ever go over your old writing yeah I
never joke ever written I used to write
them on packing slips when I worked in a
fucking uh when I worked for Christophe
silver I would put a stop solar it's a
very high-end silverware place I worked
in a packing I would be like shipping
and receiving so I would write these on
the back of fragile stickers all these
jokes and yeah I have all that shit do
you know who Owen Smith is yes dude he's
one of the best comics in the world he's
one of those guys I'm working with him
actually tonight at the improv but he's
one of those guys when he's on stage I'm
like how the fuck to people not know who
he is because he got a lot of writing
gigs he was writing for a lot of sitcoms
loved a lot of different like really
well-paying writing gigs and he has a
family so he didn't do the road he
didn't really travel a lot but he's a
fucking murderer yeah he's funny anyway
he had this concept for a show and I
filmed an episode of it I don't know
what he's done with it yet but it was
bring your old notebook so I found all
these notebooks that I still have and I
busted him out I was amazed I mean I
have no books from the like 91-92
and it was so bad though I even had
built-in ad libs and built-in reactions
from the audience then someone from the
audience would say this and then I would
say that like and I'm like I didn't I I
would ever I remember in the beginning
trying to sit and write and literally
being such a moron I had such a
piss-poor grasp of the English language
first of all and then second of all just
sitting there no idea how to write
things just no idea and so I was just
write and hope a joke would come out of
it and it never did I kept back in those
days the only time I came up with good
bits was literally either talking to my
friends and laughs and usually when we
were drinking or on stage like
occasionally on stage I would come up
with an idea and then I would you know
sort of foster it or feed it and try to
make it grow but going over that fucking
material was so painfully embarrassing
it was so bad it's humiliating the old
stuff I don't mind reading it though
because my persona is what I hated more
than my writing so watching myself
perform those old bits because I had
like
bagi workout pants like bodybuilder
pants dude I was such a cunt I was so
awful when I started the writing I can
look at because it's detached from the
fucking little character I would do on
stage it's funny how there's some styles
that just don't make it but for a while
everybody has them it's something
everybody wakes up like what the fuck
are we wearing yeah remember cavalry
cheese I do of course I ate gigantic
plates of shit one day on stage wearing
cavalry and I'll never forget how stupid
I felt there's these tight they're tight
here and then baggy and the thighs out
and I'm wearing these stupid things and
I'm on stage and I'm bombing and I
remember like looking down at the way I
was dressed and I had a button-up shirt
and I was I followed Jim Breuer it was a
pivotal moment in my career because I
bombed so hard I really like tightened
up my act after that really got to work
because it was the most painful bombing
yeah but I'm standing there with cavalry
cheese on with a nice shirt like a dress
shirt like I'm going to the club yeah
just like an entertainer dickhead what a
dickhead and then I'm looking down these
fucking terrible pants and those pants
were this shit for like two years or
three years and then everybody was like
what the fuck are we wearing and they
just went away what don't let do it
there was like a Members Only jacket
with it or like Capezio shoes do the
Capezio shoes or anybody don't I can't
picture them in my head Jamie Paul
Capezio shoes yeah I remember them from
I want to say early 90s early my bed
late 80s but I remember a guy I knew a
sober guy I knew we'd I screw these
sober dances which were very fucking
depressing like you know when I was 18
and 19 just to go try to meet girls on
their sober - yeah they're all
suspicious of you you just want to fuck
me I know what's going on here now I
just kind of stand there just kind of
stand there that's a Capezio no that's
not well the black one made oh yeah
there you go that's kind of that lee
bollinger oh yeah yeah yeah yeah with
cavalry cheese yes
Oh like your ballet dance yeah they were
not good um you're private I want to get
a Ladin shoes go up right there click on
that note lad and choose the curly tip
ones look at that I was of dads you got
to bring those bitches back elf shoes
somebody who's somewhere war
elf shoes right with another court
jester thing though that was it to make
the King laugh you can't do dressing an
asshole
right if you imagine being a fucking
you're basically a bad comedian dancing
around for a murderous dictator yeah and
if you did anything to piss them off
they're just cut your fucking head off
in front of everybody
yeah you probably another one you
probably came a good comedian fast cuz
you knew you read the room you knew
exactly what you could say what you
couldn't say you know who to go after
who not to go after I would love to have
seen what it would be like to be a court
jester in front of like Henry the 8th
yeah like some murderous fucking
ruthless king who just just didn't Henry
the 8th kill like a bunch of his wife
when he divorced he just cut their
fucking heads off
yeah and was he married to Anne Boleyn
am I remembering it different for
something I remember her name Anne
Boleyn yeah I want to say that was one
of his wives but I could be wrong I
don't know I'm a dropout so it might
have been something I'm conflating two
stories well I dropped out too I didn't
drop out of high school but I dropped
out of college how many years did you
second all three what is it his second
wife and Helen was right balloons Judy
behead her she fell on a sword yeah this
mistake no big deal
I thought he killed her I could be he
killed a few of them I believe yeah yeah
but you wonder what the bombing was like
for those guys like oh like there's a
certain a court jester the the pressure
and wood bombing get you killed or would
you have another day well imagine right
how many times have you set a joke on
the air and it didn't really go well
like he tried it took its wing and
everybody's like Jimmy what the fuck I
fucking tried sorry yeah but if you do
that in front of a king yeah you know
there's one there's an Opie and Anthony
clip called Jim Norton's epic carpet
bombing where it's a fucking it was one
day well I just had nothing like I was
on no sleep and I come in I was wired
and I bombed for the entire for our
radio show and there's a good probably a
12-minute clip of just me bombing
throughout the four hours the more
comfortable you get the more freeing it
gets to you know what I mean you get
more comfortable bombing and you can
kind of embrace it and so can you know
and
what it is Oh God yeah I love those old
clips we are so lucky I mean you were a
giant part of that show but I feel real
lucky that I was part of that show I
really do
I feel like with guys like guys like me
and comics that to us was the most
comfortable environment we could ever
find yeah like I I enjoyed doing Preston
and Steve and you know and doink a rock
and you know Kevin and being and doing
all these different radio shows I really
enjoy yeah no doubt but there was
something about Opie and Anthony where I
would get so excited when I was good
when I was there when I was in New York
it was not a question of whether or not
I was gonna go like if you guys were
gonna have me like fuck yeah we would
get up early we'd smoke we haha come and
barbecued we'd just be so happy to be
there take edibles I would always have
like edible lollipops I couldn't wait to
be on air with you guys cuz it was it
was you could be what you were if you
were hanging out at the store yeah like
we're if we're hanging out in the back
bar of the Comedy Store and I was just
talking shit laughing that's what it was
like an Opie and Anthony there was no
other environment we could just be just
just comics being comics just hanging
out yeah going back and forth being mean
to each other
I mean it was some vicious boss the boss
must have skin like a fucking rhino he
does he doesn't oh but he was also
richest so fast - oh yeah that boss was
a guy that you could hit him you can hit
him but like as soon as you turn around
when he hits you back it was it was a
fucking killer line yeah watch this
really really Bobby is great at that oh
yeah just fuckin what we viewed walking
in the Comedy Cellar and there laughing
before you get there yeah it's gonna be
a long fuckin boss you know boss was a
master a dealing with hecklers and
shitty crowds you know I did so many bad
gigs with Voss oh my god we did so many
fucking Bob Leavy gigs memory Bobby I
used to believe that just thought yeah
no I said I loved him he used to book
gigs I did a couple of his cakes was
with with Foss he's having a hard time
he had a fucking accident
neck is fucked up so he's trading
insurances fucking him around he's got
all of his name he got I think he got
rear-ended and he is trying to get the
insurance the auto insurance to pay for
his surgery can't work ba believe he's
had a hard time man it's was a disc
issue in his neck because I think so
yeah but he's fucked up he's in a lot of
pain and he's trying to yeah it sucks
man he's always been a good guy dude I a
lot of those guys him jim Florentine a
lot of those guys I wouldn't have a
career without those guys how's he doing
I haven't seen him a Florentine well
he's got a podcast now on barstool so
he's starting to do something that's
really gonna get him a huge new audience
dude I just heard this old barstool for
450 million dollars I see you nodding
wow they got a UH an investment or a
deal they made with Penn gaming who owns
a bunch of like casinos including like
the the Tropicana thing in Vegas yeah to
make I think they get like 36% now in a
few years they get like 50% depending on
how Jesus talks the way up already
they have stock well at that Penn gaming
company oh yeah a magic bars to it look
now you can't invest in them that's what
we need Jerry stock hey I wonder food
have gone up last week once you go but
become a publicly traded company isn't
that when this shit all happens when
everybody they try to get kicked out
like fuckin like John sources named
Johnson Schneider Papa John's like they
say some stupid oh you definitely can
yeah that definitely can happen yeah
yeah as soon as you involved I'm just
kidding about that I would not want
Jerry stock and we're Bob levy had a
girl over his house I got laid so
infrequent in the in the old days and I
he had a pretty girl at his house who
liked me and my father drove me there
that has probably 22 years old and you
know what was the worst snowstorm of the
century at the time and my father drove
me eight miles a snowstorm during the
snowstorm to Bob Levy's house to get
laid and I fucked this girl in the
bathroom Bobby's bathroom and I was
standing in calendar
ha what a good dad you have yeah my
dad's a great guy yeah but he knew I
told that there's a girl there you know
God and I think he's wanted to he was
happy I said that so he was just like
I'll take it I don't miss driving in the
snow but I do miss this certain parts
about driving in the snow that I do
meant like when you actually made it
like it was hard to do too hard to get
home but when you got home boy did you
appreciate being home you felt great
yeah we actually got where you had to go
holes the door yeah you sit down fucking
make some hot chocolate or something
watch TV you like felt so comfortable
I'm home it's warm
uh do you don't appreciate good weather
unless you experience shit weather
that's right but I don't miss doing the
gigs I mean I still do them but when
you're driving like in Lancaster
Pennsylvania where the two and a half
hours over the hills to get to the gig
and it was like panic-stricken I'm
afraid I'm gonna fuck it up and I hit
black ice I remember one I was so bad
the driving that I had to park my car
and call my girlfriend to come and pick
me up at her sports car it was such a
humiliating moment as a man to have to
pull over and you know I can't drive on
the ice oh my girlfriend to come and
pick me up and then she's a sports car
that's right yeah I didn't realize what
I fucking oh my god my father's Taurus
I remember driving once and the snow was
so bad I was having a hard time
discerning where the road is yeah I
couldn't figure out where this the road
what's the side of the road because the
snow was so deep it was getting to the
point where it's hard to see where the
road was you know that's where shit gets
weird yeah when you drive away through
the Adirondacks to upstate New York but
there's no light it's black it's black
and then there's fog and then there's a
snow coming at you is really and you're
like I'm 51 I've been driving since I
was 19 I'm still it's like shut up just
do 20 you got to do 20 you can't blow
through this like you're an experienced
driver well every time I used to be on
the highway and I was be driving slow
and carefully there always be that one
dipshit that goes flying by yeah just
goes flying by like he knows how to
drive in the snow better than anybody
and you're a bunch of pussies you can't
handle it he's fucking bleep and you'd
always hope to see him wrapped around a
pole about a mile down but you never did
I saw a car carrier fall over once that
was wild with wind
no he jackknifed jackknifed in the snow
and wiped out and fucking cars scatter
all over the highway it was wild it was
wild it was but he just he slipped
I saw him losing it and by the time I
got there he was tipped over and the
cars were hanging out he just lost
control of this you know those fucking
things they don't there are so unwieldly
you know you got 13 cars stacked up on
this crane thing behind you and this guy
just lost his shit and it was just so
snowy I was heading to Western
Massachusetts to try to get laid not
even for a gig was for a girl girls date
I wasn't doing comedy back then I think
it was 17 17 or 18 I barely could drive
terrible driving and I remember this
long trip to Western Massachusetts it
wasn't long normally you know hours
normally but now with all the snow and
everything it was brutal did you make it
I made it yeah yeah it's crazy what we
do to get laid back in those oh my god
and now it's like look if you don't hit
me up on Instagram that's just not
fucking happening
I'm gonna tell you I can't do it anymore
well you know this is what I was trying
to explain to someone once that when you
know a woman actually when you are an 18
year old boy you are a drug addict okay
and you're you're you're a drug addict
for sex and you've only been having sex
for a little while for me it was like
two I think I got laid when I was 16 so
it was like two years so and just you're
a straight-up junkie and sex was the
most exciting thing of your life like it
was so much more exciting than anything
else I did so much more interesting than
anything else I did and I wanted it so
bad and then you're so horny you knows
that like you all you're thinking about
is how you could possibly have sex yeah
and so we're not gonna wear what do I
gotta say what do I gonna do where do I
got to drive what do I mean
you don't realize what immense power it
has over your life and I think it has a
lot of power over women's lives
obviously I never been a woman so I
don't know what it feels like to want
dick but I would imagine it's it's
probably pretty similar which is why
there's so many fucking people on the
planet yeah I mean it's definitely a
50/50 Pole I would I would say but a lot
of times it's not even the sex I
remember being a teenager and I would
pick up I would go out and get a hooker
and then afterward
my favorite part would be talking to her
on the way back like I loved talking
like I really I think a lot of it was i
misidentified being lonely with wanting
sex like there was times I was horny but
there was times when I would come or I
would I wouldn't be able to come and I
would just jerk off and I'm like no I
can't come but then I would just sit
let's talk for a little while like Billy
always my favorite part was talking to
them driving them back getting to know
them how many did you talk to every girl
I had picked up and so you would have
like long conversations did they enjoy
the conversation when they were willing
but again they were people I knew
because I would see them all the time
okay or they would see me driving around
and this is Gil commercial Avenue New
Brunswick in the mid 80s so yeah they
would yeah I think they liked it a
little bit I mean it was probably
different I wasn't aggressive I was
pleasant right it's probably you they're
probably happy that someone was being
nice to them well you can always tell
when you drove back to where you got
them if they just jumped out okay they
just wanted the right back and then
there was time they would just sit in
the car there great drive around the
block will smoke and you know sometimes
they would ask you to do that so they
could have a cigarette and a
conversation yeah man it's gotta be so
weird to find yourself you're a girl
yeah you I look back on it now and it's
like I do think it should be legal I
don't think people should tell other
people they don't have the right to do
it but I look back and I'm like how many
people were they in situations and I
didn't know of like were there people
being forced to do shit that I didn't
know we're being right for us to do shit
and that's kind of something that's been
a little yeah it's been fuck with me a
little bit well you remember they tried
to pin that on Robert Kraft the guy who
owns the Patriots yeah went to a massage
parlor to get jerked off yeah and they
were they were saying they were charging
him with participating in sex
trafficking it was a just a completely
fabricated not accusation because the
women that were there turns out no
they're just regular women that massage
guys and then jerk him off afterwards
yeah but they put that out there so it
was out there no matter what like it hit
the press it hit this guy and so he had
to sort of like deal with this even
though he's like this fucking guy's
worth billions of dollars which is
thousands of millions for yes just think
of owning thousands of millions of
dollars still couldn't keep the shame of
getting jerked off you know it's not
like a 69 70 year old man or some
they're coming back at him with
something else now Joe for the same case
yeah there's something else that just it
just got talked about again I don't know
exactly what the prosecutors thrown at
him but sometimes a prosecutor I think
sees something that hey that we can get
a lot of mileage on this yeah and
because nothing happened to craft the
first time I think they're coming back
at him with something she updated well I
also think that this is what I've said
this about law enforcement too when you
play a game and here's the game I arrest
you I want to convict you here's a game
you try to get out of it I don't want
you to get out of it now we're in
competition it's a game yeah it's not a
game obviously it's the law and
obviously you know the people should be
arrested don't
yes construe what I'm saying but
whenever someone is trying to do
something and the other person doesn't
want you to do something people get
competitive and people withhold evidence
they lie I mean there's been so many
fuckin cases of prosecutors yeah
withholding evidence that could have
people released and if only I in the
Duke rape case was it wasn't he didn't
get disbarred for that or he did some
shady shit well there's a lot of those
cases it's not just him I mean how many
different detectives withheld evidence
prosecuting attorneys and withheld
evidence there's like you know you know
was fuckin amazing at helping people
with this shit is Kim Kardashian yes she
has Kim Kardashian has gotten some fuck
I think it's like the ladies can was
like 18 people
you're not least who were unjustly
accused of crimes yeah fucking insane
man yeah well she Anna has I mean they
they kind of have like a direct line to
the president so they at least gave some
resource to go to if they need it but
she shouldn't have to do that that
lady's worth fucking hundreds of
millions of dollars she could do
whatever the fuck she wants what she's
doing that with her spare time it's it's
really incredible I've completely
stopped making fun of her yeah I respect
the fact that she did that too it's like
she could be doing a lot more stuff with
her time and she's just she's helping
people so yeah yeah I didn't really
fucked with her that much
Paris Hilton had a bad interview with so
I don't really care for her well yet
about everyone oh yeah they told us be
nice to her yeah we promised we wouldn't
be confrontational so I remember I
watched
Opie fell or supposed to film it but
don't be in a camera going and I was
just getting really annoyed because she
was being very distant like so what
happened so you go to this store right
just like you have to watch it and I'm
like that's not a way to promote to tell
people you have to watch it so this is
once you have a television show yeah
sorry I keep fucking with them like it's
a terrible habit I have my OCD just keep
moving keep yeah and it's really it's
irritating me
that I'm doing it but it just wasn't a
good interview she was we want it to be
really cruel to her because I think she
was being nice I thought she was being
not nice to us but he promised we would
and so it just came off as awkward and
weird
I forgot that she had a TV show she's
she's one that sort of slipped into
obscurity on purpose it seems like
tronic line she's making a fucking
billion a year like she's making money
doing her private I think she's got like
a whole bunch of stuff that she that's
got her name on it so right but it seems
like she's taking herself out of the
public eye yeah for a lot of them they
realize like hey this isn't good for you
you know the sting of all this scrutiny
and people hating you people fucking
hated her man yeah they did he
represented this vapid you know sort of
trend I want it to like her too I wanted
to be I did not want to dislike her for
that reason I'm like it's too easy like
all these guys hate her but then she
came in I'm at I get it no I get it
because it wasn't Pleasant I hate her I
just feels like come on that could have
been better I wonder like what's margin
just look she's got documentary coming
out it just came Oh super important to
hear what's that documentary
oh you don't have heard it's amazing the
Aaron Hernandez documentary it's good
I heard it's incredible yeah I saw his
three parts probably could have been two
sometimes Netflix will do three when
they could do two but it was very good
interesting to hear I'm talking about
the sexuality and the whole I was under
the illusion and it's funny because I
talk about his hanging I do a suicide
hug I get this I'm on Netflix out of
this than the DeGeneres and part of it
until suicide and hanging and I
reference his and I get one other part
of it wrong because I thought I thought
he was in jail for killing I didn't
realize he didn't get convicted of
killing those first two people
no no was he in jail for ah the one guy
not the other two I didn't realize he
was acquitted of it so I got that part
wrong so I'm saying what killed three
people that's right that's what he was
believed to but I believe it was only
one person and the two people he was
acquitted for I was shocked to realize
that I was like well fuck I already did
the bit god damn
yeah he really ought himself to like he
really committed to it they didn't go
into the hanging as much that was I
wanted the details of that because I
read the details about what he did to
prevent himself from being saved I'm
like I hope I got that right because I
read that he put detergent on the floor
so the guards wouldn't be able to get
their footing mom he put like cardboard
in the fucking in the in the door so
they couldn't open it so it would Jam
like I heard he get all that but the
documentary didn't go into that I kind
of wish they had unless I'm wrong well
they said that he had extreme CT yeah
extreme and I think there are a lot of
people out there like that and there's a
lot of people out there that are playing
played pro football fighters anybody
involved in like extreme contact sports
that have extreme CTE it scares the fuck
out of me man you know I felt skiing
recently banging my head real bad I was
skiing going around this corner and this
lady she seemed like she was new she was
like on a slope trying to get her skis
back under her and she slid right into
the trail and I saw her and I was like
fuck and I tried to get away her my my
leg went sideways and I fell back and
bang hit the back of my head off the
ground I have a crack in my shin bone
it's called an insufficiency fracture
it's like right where your where your
car cartilage meets your shin bone the
bone it's like a crack and my bowie
knife it I hit hard can you do anything
or just heels just heels it's actually
fun I mean if there was probably a month
or so ago and it doesn't cost me any
pain anymore I knew something was wrong
and I got an MRI but what I was really
worried about was my head because I've
been hitting the head so many fucking
times so many times I don't know how
many times I've been hit in the head
kicked in the head punched in the head
you know head butts knees to the head
just so many times and you wonder like
what is what's in there you know like
when you see a guy like Aaron Hernandez
who was 28 years old I think and they
said he had the brain of like a fucking
80 year old Alzheimer's patient like his
brain was fuck decision makes in the
front I think Aaron Hernandez suffered
from the most severe CTE ever found in a
person his age
ya see I don't think I have CTE like
that so he was 27 I don't think I have
it like that but I have it you think you
have it a hundred percent
yeah did everybody get it though is
everybody who take shots yeah I think
everybody gets it you get a little bit
of it don't you know that traumatic
brain injury when you fall like that
like with Liam Neeson's wife died up yes
that's fucking scary for a fall yeah um
I mean you know once I was okay you know
a few days later I wasn't necessarily
worried about that but I definitely I
think I had a concussion because I was
real dizzy afterwards and I was I felt
weird like I felt off and then I was
with my daughter my 11 year old and we
were getting on the fucking ski lift and
I spazzed and I I got a little too far
ahead like when the ski lift comes and
then I tried to go back because I was in
the wrong place
I I moved too you know I should have
waited for the next one to come and then
I didn't and I fell down and then I
couldn't get back up so I was just that
was dizzy I was like a little bit out of
it and my daughter didn't know that I
fell down you know and then I'm like I'm
a little out of it I hit my head and
she's like when did you hit your head
you didn't hit your head and my good not
now I'm like just I just then had hit my
head to hold rest that day I was like
not talking that good I was like a
little out of it yeah like I got rocked
it was up bang like my head my legs went
out and it was just back of the head on
hardpack snow I got knocked out by a
baseball when I was a kid I was so dumb
I'm monkeys my sinuses are so fucked up
and I partly thinks I've taken two
baseball's like one really hard line
drive to the middle of my face like I
was a underhand pitching to my friend
Rob tri from here to your TV and he
drilled the line drive into my fucking
face and
I will I woke up and I was on the ground
and he was standing over me
panic-stricken that I was dead and then
there's another time where I was a fly
ball and I just misjudged it and split
my head open and did you get your nose
checked uh yeah I've got sir I gotta go
back for surgery I'm going Monday to
actually see somebody I'm a fucking
because you had the surgery before yeah
it didn't do much it was I don't know if
I dated septum surgery yeah but it's
just not enough didn't work no plus I
take say Allah so that might fuck me up
with your turban it's open it's swelling
a little bit yeah I don't know it
changed my life I had it done I know
you're the one who got me on the whole
mouth guard thing yeah was that I don't
have the one you have with the bone that
pushes the tongue down I have one that
forwards work it makes it possible to
fall asleep but it doesn't keep me
asleep but you get the tongue down one
man next time you're here I'll bring it
to the doctor's office it does though
yeah I really do need that but I don't
think get used to that you can imagine I
sleep like a baby with it I just shoved
that fucker in there I've had one for
years and you don't need a mask no no I
don't need a mask but that's Nora I
don't snore anymore but if I take that
fucker out if I go to sleep and I don't
pay attention to me my wife punches me
just like wake up your snoring college
doesn't punch me but you know she was
you actually got wake up you're lying
because I'm you know I've lost a lot of
weight recently I wonder if my snoring
would be less because I lost weight in
my face I lost weight in my neck I lost
weight everywhere on purpose yeah I went
on this carnivore diet I lost 12 pounds
in a month just eating only meat well it
doesn't scare you no dairy meat always
scares me because I've always heard the
cancer loves meat so that's always
frightened cancel of sugar yeah that's
what that's whole 30 is what I I put
weight on I probably put 15 pounds on
I'm so angry at myself because I have to
wear a suit and my pants don't fit like
I want them to wear a suit I'm just
presenting something tomorrow and I just
what are you presenting it's fits it's a
sort of war show but it's not televised
it's like an art director award or
something so they asked me to do it and
I never had asked to do that shit so
after wear my suit I have to buy a new
suit after this come on oh boy I've
never I won't buy clothes I just rather
be uncomfortable but I
such a fat twat I look at myself
yesterday like you fucking really had a
meltdown last night I forgot my pants
all I have is super hands I don't have
regular jeans with me do you spiral like
when you like decide you fucked up do
you start spiraling like hate spiral
it's crazy how I I I don't do it as
badly anymore cuz I've caught myself so
many but that takes me to a very
dangerous place like it's taking me to a
really bad place so I like I try not to
do that because the next thing you know
you're walking around the house fucking
putting a belt around your neck just
kind of test not buying it but just
holding it and just see what it feels
like to have a belt in that
yeah Adams have you done that uh
literally hundreds and it's it and
anyone call me I not do I'm not gonna do
it I would never but call me yes sir I
I'm uh I'm just saying it's some things
like anyone who's ever gone through with
it and done that you know like you know
Robin and fucking Bourdais I would love
to sit with those guys yeah and just
like I guarantee that was the 508 time
you did that
not necessarily tried it but that put it
there guarantee you a hundred percent
100% you've talked to other people that
have the same sort of thing no I just
know the process I just go to process
like you can't just one day tie you you
feel it you give yourself a shot you see
what that feels like you hate yourself
like your fucking piece and then you let
it go I mean you take it off and you
don't tie it to anything I would I would
I would guess well guy like Bourdain man
that that one was such a bummer to me
that was the was the biggest bummer I
mean Brody was a giant bomber too forgot
about Brody yeah Jesus that was a huge
bummer did you see it coming
no I didn't know him well enough no I
knew he had bouts where he wasn't doing
well everybody loved him though yeah
everybody he'd see him he's just I never
didn't hug that guy every time I saw him
I hugged him he was such a good guy
everybody loved him like nobody didn't
like Brody except Brody yeah you know
well he was sick you know like he's he
had all kinds of different medications
that they had tried on them and all
sorts of different issues but he would
go off the reservation sometime
that's a that's a bad expression right I
think saying that was a race it who said
that well oh it was Darrell yeah it's a
racist expression apparently he would go
haywire and you would didn't know what
was going on but like he'd be on stage
yelling but it wasn't funny like he you
know Brody was hilarious yeah and his
style of comedy was so uniquely him like
if you if you wrote it down on paper
you wouldn't understand why it was funny
yeah but then we saw him in real life
you'd be fucking crying laughing he was
so funny
but then I'd see him sometimes and he
would be there was no funny it was just
him complaining about stuff I'm like
when is this gonna turn silly because
usually it turns silly but it didn't
turn silly and then people like all
Brody's off his medication Oh
so yeah you wonder how many times did he
dry run it did he dry run it because you
can't be that again maybe there's
exceptions to the rule but you cannot be
in a depressed person and dealing with
that all the time and not have dry run
it hmm I mean I don't think anybody ever
puts a gun in their mouth and shoots
themselves the first time I'm sure it's
something you've walked through a bunch
of times and just couldn't make yourself
do it yes that it's the time you kill
yourself is the time you can finally
just not stop yourself from doing it but
I guarantee he had done through that a
bunch was just know too many people too
many people that have done that now I
think I know I mean it might be seven or
eight comics that have killed themselves
you know the time guys had never made it
to most of them we're not as known as
Brody or Richard Jeni or Robert you know
there's a lot of them were guys it just
didn't ever get out above into I never
really knew Jenny you know I said Heidi
didn't always Tommy died with him yeah
you called me and I was in Pittsburgh I
was in the green room and you called me
he was a giant influence on me when I
was starting he was so good I talked
about him too much to the point where
people get annoyed but I just want
people to know in the 80s that guy was
the fucking man
like you don't know how good he was when
I was an open mic er in 1988 I went to
see him at catch a rising star in New
York and I was like this guy is fucking
brilliant yeah he was fucking brilliant
but you know I forget
talking about the other day I don't even
know if it was on here
but they were saying that he liked two
things that was it and he would tell you
he likes comedy and porn that's it
that's all that's all I care about and
like literally like we didn't really
socialize you know maybe had a
girlfriend or didn't have a go you know
on and off but comedy and porn didn't
have any hobbies didn't you know we
always wanted to be like Seinfeld always
wanted to have the sitcom or be Jim
Carrey
yeah the movies but it never really
happened he was such a great comic I
think the last time I talked to him he
called me about and I didn't know him
that well but I knew him just from the
business and he was unhappy because they
had been attacking him like online about
something like bashing him not saying he
wasn't funny or whatever it was just one
of those things where a site trashes you
he was really upset by it really I'm
like you're so much bigger than this
like your side like he did almost
understand how influential or powerful a
comic he was right that that would
bother this to come on that's why I wish
he survived to podcasting I wish he
survived yeah to realize like how much
we other comics appreciated him yeah I
tell the story but I'll tell it again
east side comedy club in Long Island in
like the late 80s early 90s he did
Friday and Saturday two shows Friday to
show Saturday four different hours
murdered
they said that everyone was standing
around afterwards like he just did four
different hours like we should fucking
quit
yeah we should cool we were we're here
pawning off the same shitty forty
minutes you know just trying to pretend
that we're a headliner and this guy just
merked for different hours it's weird to
that Club I never did that Club here's
my experience which team intervene he
booked me at that Club and then I get
there and there's a lock on the door
like the only time I was there I fucking
showed up was like the we get is fucking
fucking shut down his britches brother
was a mixed martial arts commentator
who's a sports guy he did world combat
championships I think it was called it
was like he was like one of the the he
was the play-by-play guy or the color
yeah he was the play-by-play guy and it
was like the early days of fighting when
the UFC had just started and hen's Oh
Gracie fought Oleg Taktarov and Richie's
brother was the the play-by-play
commentator yeah like he did the Jon
Anik Mike Goldberg
yeah I remember thinking this is so
crazy because I I don't think at the
time I had even done and he worked for
the UFC I think at the time I was just a
fan and I was just wait you started them
that's 97 okay 20 years 20 years nuts
I started at UFC 12 in Dothan Alabama
how was your first broadcast
um I they didn't give me any instruction
nobody told me what to do nobody told me
how to do it nobody told me shit they
just said do you want a gig interviewing
the fighters after the fights I was like
sure you know I and then it was so
rinky-dink like we were in this weird
little fucking hotel and this weird and
you know that's we were staying we flew
in there on a propeller plane the gig
was supposed to be in Buffalo New York
but New York state banned it at the last
minute so Bob Meyerowitz who was the
owner of the company and Campbell
McLaren who was the guy who hired me
they told me you're going down to
Alabama instead like what so I flew in
to one part of Alabama and it took a
Puddle Jumper and landed in Dothan and
that was like the place where they were
allowed to do the show there and there's
this little auditorium it wasn't very
big at all and the first show I ever
worked at marked the hammer Coleman beat
of Dan Severn for the UFC heavyweight
title UFC 12 Vitor Belfort made his
debut and I was obviously training at
Vitor school I was a white belt Carlson
Gracie's in 97 and that's where he and I
had been there since 96 I started
training there in 96 and then in 97
Vitor was making his UFC debut and just
by sheer luck I happen to be at the
actual gym with Carlos by hetoh and
Mario Sperry and all these like just
assassins back then and I got to be the
post-fight interview guy yeah it was
nuts man that's me yeah my earring ooh
so cute a little cutie pie yeah so that
was way way back in the dizzy man 1997
Rio Medeiros there
Vitor when you think in 97 you like fuck
I was doing comedy 7 years by that point
like it's a long time ago and I was
already in the business yeah I was 9
years in at that point in comedy because
I started in 88 yeah and I didn't book
gigs long I actually had to quit because
it was costing me money because like if
I would go to do a UFC I remember how
much I made it wasn't that much to do
the interview stuff but then if I could
do a comedy gig I could make like 2
grand for a weekend right so I was like
why am i doing that when I can make 2
grand
like what am i doing I'd make him like 1
instead of 2 sorry it was just costing
me money
anything that kind of a comedy was
difficult - it was but for me my life
started with martial arts I mean that
was also you know I started in 88 and
the last time I fought was 89 so that
was probably you know somewhere in the
neighborhood of you know eight years
since my like serious competition days
so I still loved it I was still into it
and I was loving that this new thing was
around so I was happy to be there even
though it wasn't like it wasn't
affecting my career in a good way in
fact the people that were I was on
Newsradio at the time and the people
that were the producers were like what
the fuck are you doing like why are you
doing this like why would why would they
they treated me like I was going off to
do like porn right what is this fucking
violent thing enjoying about and being a
part of and putting your face on but
yeah and I was like an expert like I was
the expert
interviewer asking people questions
doing things like you're attaching
yourself to cage fighting the fuck is
wrong with you but I loved it man I
loved it I was so excited to see this
happen because we had always wondered
when when I started doing martial arts
you know I started in karate I did like
a little bit of kung fu then I did
Karate Kung Fu was like one lesson and
then a little bit of karate but then I
got balls-deep in a Taekwondo but we all
we ever everybody always wanted to know
what was the best martial art and I
switched from Taekwondo and I started
doing kickboxing and boxing because I
realized like my hands were terrible and
then I'm like man I mean I thought it
was good because I was good at Taekwondo
but this boxing stuff is more important
to learn I need to learn that and then I
started doing jiu-jitsu and getting
strangled my fucking ah no anything
and I remember thinking when the UFC
came along finally we're gonna figure
out what works finally we're gonna know
what works you know and now look at you
work for the UFC now how crazy is that
it's fuckin crazy cuz I love it so much
and I love just I'm a fan so I just I
love the fact I just get to talk to the
fighters and hang with Matt like it's a
really I love Matt I love Matt to that
Sarah is a fucking gem of a human he's
100% genuine yes he's exactly the same
on the air yes as off he's the same guy
he's beautiful
he really is hello that's an amazing guy
and yeah being a part of it it's just an
even in the way I am which is a
peripheral way I just I don't fight I
don't train you thought about training a
lot Kaitlyn Chu Kagan keeps telling me
like I'm gonna go to your first class I
want to come to Enzo's yes she's been
telling me for two years
but I get so claustrophobic and tired
from not sleeping but whatever I people
the UFC unfiltered fans want to smash me
for yapping about it
I want to take it you just got to do it
I know if you're tired from lack of
sleep and everything like that but just
do it and you should go to the doctor
and get a real Mouse you can't sleep
with the CPAP right it bothers you I
need I need I need a mouthpiece but I
also I can't do CPAP anywhere I need ASV
which is both types of apnea it covers
but yeah I want to either go to hens O's
or hens those is great there's ago I
think you may Rivera has a place around
there too doesn't I believe so he's like
a showman's well yes where I live and
he's invited to go just go just go just
go I know it just make yourself do it
yeah it's fun you look at it it'll be
okay course everybody sucks out in the
beginning I sucked at it I can clearly
remember being just tortured raped by
this dude oh my god this guy just
destroyed me do you get used to the
sweat on you like I think that would
always bother you do you used to it used
to anything
it's good for you not the sweat but the
physical contact it actually there's a
camaraderie which you Jitsu that it's
like very different than any other
martial art it's you're trying to kill
each other but you're also looking after
each other you know like the guys who
you really care about like tenth planet
guys or John jocks guys when I train
with them nobody hurt you if you got
hurt it was by axe
guys were you know you're trying to
kill each other but you knew that if
they got you in an armbar that they were
not gonna try to break your arm there
they were gonna hold it and and you know
give you an opportunity to try to get
out of it if you could or tap and no one
was gonna like just fucking yank it no
one ever does that no one it's there and
you appreciate that it's like a good
feeling that you know that if this guy
does get you in something you need tap
they immediately let go they stop yeah
and then you slap hands and you go damn
you got me you motherfucker and you
laugh and then you go back and do it
again because I'm fascinated but like I
want to do it I honestly my own laziness
is one reason I just haven't but because
Matt loves Matt loves talking about
choking like Matt loves the idea of
strangling somebody with their own coat
with the coat that's a gift you know oh
it is I mean I always said like if you
were fighting in the street against a
judo player and you had a winter coat on
oh my god you're so fucked yeah cuz
they're just gonna fucking grab you and
use the world on you because literally
slam your head into the world just
especially in New York City like the
streets just fucking shit boom well the
worst you should be naked and greasy ya
ever think about getting in a fight with
somebody I would have to train with
clothes with Aggie I think if I ever do
it just because like you don't how many
on the subway no one's gonna be
shirtless I'm gonna ever have to fucking
defend myself they're gonna probably
have clothes on so yeah but you'd learn
how to use the clothes I'd do both you'd
learn how to use gay know guide learn
how to do both it's no big deal someone
has clothes on it's not like you don't
know what to grab because they have
clothes on it's it's simple and they're
all nice I'm not I'm not worried about
I'm not afraid of it like cuz I like the
people so much who I've met involved
I've never met anybody involved in who I
didn't like yeah they're nice people
right all of them are nice people none
of them are dicks none of them give that
energy off like they all know they could
strangle me like there's nobody nobody
makes you feel that way well that's why
I guy like Matt Serra is such a good guy
because he's got such a good character
you know and then you kind of noticed
that from a lot of fighters right they
have great character and one of the
reason why they have great character is
they're they don't have a problem with
their ego they're controlled they
understand who they are they feel good
yeah never uncomfortable around any of
them yeah like never for that reason at
least no matter who they are or what
position they're in they're all kind of
the same
none of them none of them come off like
with that alpha energy that other
athletes give you I remember on ona you
know if everybody choked you
I used to do that yeah BJ was the first
guy he was coming off a loss and I
wanted to see what it felt like like I
knew wouldn't be the same but I had seen
arm bars and I wanted to know how what
does it feel like when somebody grabs
your arm that way so they were all
pretty gentle phaidor put me in a
fucking good one yeah yeah yeah his hurt
he laughed again he was but I to feel
those things you like it gives you such
a respect for the fact that there's guys
that are doing this for real oh yeah
this is a guy just showing some fucking
idiot on the radio didn't John Jones
like gently leg kick you too
no John Jones fucking put a hard leg
kick because it was like he was like
wait cut wheat weak so he might not have
been the best of fucking moods he put me
in kicked me across the leg it hurts so
bad
no but I'm being honest I think he did
it like I'm sure he hit let me say let
me hear this look at my fucking my hands
up put your dukes up that's light it
what compared to what he could have done
that's light but I almost threw up
look at him look at you I almost vomited
I had to go to the bathroom so I thought
I faint
okay but I'm telling you right now that
wasn't even 50% oh no not even close
that was probably wasn't even 30% all
that was was like the weight of his leg
ya know he could have really fuckin
levelled oh my god Jones tells me I've
had a few guys do things who hurt you
the most
John yeah I do a price I'm not exactly
how long it was it might need weighed
been fucked up so I put one on for three
months after that but the face that you
get ready good - yeah this fader got you
in an arm lock Oh who's got you in a
heel look Brock Brock Lesnar no you let
Brock Lesnar touch your knees yeah oh
it's so terrible yeah yeah they'll be
shot punched you yeah there's a whole
series of people beating on you
but it was never dude it was never like
it was never like hey let's see how the
her Oh John
yeah punch you a different time Oh Uriah
punch you the army there's a whole video
series of you getting beat up by UFC
fighters so har Brock's were oh yeah
yeah yeah was that Frank or Ken Frank oh
Anderson kicked you yeah not hard though
he anis is a nice guy he wouldn't kick
me that hard that's good for him man
I'm glad you you we're gonna have them
kick you in the arm yes
oh you could break your arm easy yeah I
didn't want but I always trust these
guys like I know that none of them are
gonna do it so hard that they do
anything to me that's gonna damage
because they all know I'm not fighting
right but I all know that they could
that I just trust them for some reason I
trust them to be gentle I don't know why
well they aren't they're nice people
plus they know it's the radio yeah I'm
not trying to hurt you John got you to
choke to yeah this is so crazy
yeah all these people fuck you look
fader if I wouldn't let go he wouldn't
let go
now he enjoyed it oh do you know fate or
just got you again yeah he tap-tap to
you like three times yeah you're shot
getting you in a triangle oh my god that
is hilarious yeah yeah Rhonda arm Barbie
I had some really fun ones but I wish I
had done more of these because it was
really a bit done out of respect for
what they do right just to feel what
it's like to watch someone who's
world-class and one of the best alive at
doing that and it almost sudden to have
them do it to you felt like fuck man
this is how good this guy is at this how
did she get the gig with the UFC how'd
that work Dana had asked me one time you
know we known each other a long time and
he he'd say one day we're gonna work
together we're gonna do something I
don't know what and I was like alright
you know and I would see him in events
and whatever and I just got a phone call
one day he's like hey man we're doing a
podcast with Madsen everyone do it if I
could just called me and goes here's the
money do you want do the podcast it was
a phone call from Dana free me the
podcast he didn't Matt was already in
place and I said yeah I would love to so
we worked out a couple of things with my
job where I was able to do something
else with my name on it and he just
hired me Wow I'm not hired like you know
I hired as a comedian who loves UFC like
mad guy who can of course a by play call
who can analyze jiu-jitsu so beautifully
and you know that's not what I do ya
know it's it's interesting that the UFC
has a podcast you know yeah UFC
unfiltered yeah I mean it was I it was
they could have just got to analysts to
do it but I think Danny just wanted a
different tone to often you guys do it
once a week twice a week twice a week I
see Matt every Monday and Wednesday
really and you meet in the city of the
studio in the city in a studio and they
beat a lot of fighters on usually
they're not in studio a lot of times
they're skyping yeah that sucks I prefer
in studio however every time I don't
like I've only done a couple of skypes
to a Snowden Snowden and John Anthony
West who was a my favorite guest ever
he's an Egyptologist who this incredible
understanding of Egypt and the
hieroglyphs and he had this great DVD
series called magical Egypt just he just
passed recently amazing guy but him and
just cuz he was sick and he couldn't
tonight in here and then Snowden
obviously because he's on the moon yeah
yeah yeah where he is he thought that
was weird it's a weird two deuce I don't
like the Skype interviews I prefer them
to the phone though these guys would
call them their way to practice
like you know what I mean we have cowboy
on the phone a beam they just drive and
going to do something and hear the wind
and you couldn't get anything done well
the weird thing about the Snowden ones
too was wasn't just that it was remote
it was also like what what we're talking
about like who he is and what would his
situation is that he's trapped and
Russia allegedly I mean he might be in
Cleveland who the fuck is where he is
but that he's you know got this
situation where he's never going to
really be able to come back to the
United States unless they you know work
out some sort of a deal and even then
he's not gonna believe them you know I
mean I wouldn't believe them I probably
wouldn't either
didn't he say know about UFOs though
they didn't you asked him and he said he
hadn't seen evidence hasn't seen
evidence but how much do you look into
and how much was available to him and
you know where where is that kind of
evidence sure if there is any of that
stuff I don't know maybe on a closed
system to I don't I don't want to not
believe in UFOs I resist it I resist it
hard I'm not rational about it dude I'm
trying i-i've tied if I got pissed real
bad I'm gonna go ahead gonna uptick in
UFO stuff recently yeah I wonder why I'm
don't know what that is
spaceforce you know what I think
honestly it is that's when the New York
Times had that thing where they were
talking about all the different reported
UFO sightings that are reputable from
people like David flavor and you know
these Air Force guys that are like
otherwise rock-solid individuals who
talk about their experiences but my
problem with it my legitimate problem me
as a human beings I want it to be real
so when people don't think it's real
like oh that's all bullshit I'm like no
it's real like I'm not I'm not objective
I'm biased like legitimately biased and
I know it and I'm I come on man wife why
so biased about this it's a weird one
like I want it to be real so much like
talking to Bob Lazar like god I hope
he's telling the truth I'm sure this was
a theory cuz it don't wait to be proven
but I saw someone online pot like
postulate that the uptick in alien stuff
could be like us coming from the future
I've heard that too that the idea is
that what what the greys are and this is
something I've personally thought I
think independently was that if you look
at human beings and you look at say a
gorilla right you look at a gorilla was
this big hairy fucking animal thing and
then you slowly turn that into you know
I guess we didn't really come from
gorillas we came from chimps but chimps
you know monkeys lower hominids
Australia Pittacus you know and then you
know ancient man right and then all
these different versions of what we are
until we become right now homeless ap in
2020 well what are we how do we look
different well unless you're someone who
works out a lot you're losing a lot of
your musculature
you're not as dense you're not as hairy
you know when you see like that fucking
killer wrestler from Russia
remember when we showed videos of that
dude god damn it up I'm trying to
remember his name Roose tom ruse Tom
fuck is it
GF Roose Tom chief he's this fucking
tank of a man that's covered in hair but
he looks like someone from the past you
know when when he's throwing people
around this fucking giant hairy back and
hair all over his chest and arms he
always this is that guy but that dad
almost he almost looks like a normal
human there but there's some some videos
of him when he's grappling I mean I like
that one right there
always get the double flex the red one
right above that yeah
like look how hairy that motherfucker is
that guy's that's from another time yeah
that is from another time I mean that
guy you could comb his chest hair my we
were talking about aliens and I was
saying if you look at people like that
like real hairy fuckin
testosterone-filled savages like this
guy was like an elite wrestler he's a
killer grappler and then you look at
aliens well if you look at chimps - that
guy - aliens what's happening well
what's happening is we're getting less
hairy and we're getting smaller and
weaker right we're getting more and more
like what an alien looks like and aliens
have no genitals
they have no mouths they're just a
smooth skinny thing with this big head
and these big weird eyes like when we
get rid of the need if we evolved past
the need for physical strength if we
evolved past the need for you know sex
if sex is the note we don't reproduce
any longer through just normal
biological male female sex if they've
you know who knows a million years from
now a hundred thousand years now we
might decide that one of the biggest
problems that faces human beings on
earth is our emotions our desire for sex
biology all of our animal instincts that
we still hold on to and we could evolve
past those just like we're so much
different than chimps are we're so much
different than we used to be when we
were lower hominids we've evolved we
evolved to the point where we're
communicating with words we're using
phones we fly in planes we have
technologies are softer and our bodies
are less they're less they're not as
strong they're not as animalistic and
explosive and if it continues along that
path especially aided by technology when
we don't have any need especially we
have these big ass
giant brains and we can use telepathy to
communicate we can communicate through
some other way maybe even electronically
enhanced maybe you know something in
their brain but when you look at an
alien with the big head and the little
tiny body that's what a person is
probably going to become our heads are
way bigger
our brains are bigger than other
hominids and other other primates our
bodies are softer and weaker and if you
just keep going with that that's what
happens the head but do they have no
genitals though that's bent like or is
it something that the at least the photo
other people say they are are they just
wearing something that hides our
genitals like I don't know if they have
no child I mean that's like pushing hard
for it also it could be no genitals but
it also could be those aren't even
biological things anymore it could be
that human beings become some sort of
cybernetic some sort of cyborgs look if
you think about body parts right like if
we start replacing body parts like I met
a gentleman the other day I did this
benefit pull the guy what is the guy's
name the Australian gentleman who was a
soldier who lost both his arm and his
leg in a shark attack I did a benefit
the other day with him for the
Australian waffle he's got a carbon
fiber arm and a carbon fiber leg it's
crazy shakes your hand like grips it
with his carbon fiber hand and you know
right now you can tell the difference
between his carbon fiber hand this
electronic hand and his other hand but
maybe a hundred years from now you won't
be able to and maybe in the future it's
better to have one of these artificial
bodies than it is to have a biological
body that can break and get all fucked
up and you feel pain we're replacing
things all the time we're replacing body
parts all the time with operations and
we use organic substitutes Paul de
Gelder yes that's the man shout out to
Paul yeah we we did this Australian
benefit with Jim Jefferies and Monty
Franklin and Whitney Cummings the other
night for the Australian wildfire for
wildlife relief there was a billion
animals that yeah a billion Jesus it's
crazy yeah
anyway in the future maybe they'll get
to the point where they'll have limbs
that are better than the limbs we have
like what are you doing with these
biological
Wims Jamie up gray a case of a fucking
alien body you know I want to believe
dude I you know I saw the Lazar
documentary you had him in I enjoyed I
didn't see the whole interview but I saw
I liked a lot I just I I there's always
that one place with conspiracy that I
there's always a gap I cannot cross
course and for me it's the degrees I
just can't get beyond the degrees being
gone that is degrees laws I can't get
beyond it and I want to I want to I
would much rather believe in UFOs and
not believe in them well he's clearly
educated and he's monk I he says he
worked for Los Alamos labs and they sent
him to MIT to work on top-secret
projects there's clear evidence that he
worked at Los Alamos labs Ashley do me a
favor go to Jeremy you go to Jeremy's I
think it's on his Instagram page he has
this thing it might be on his Twitter he
has this thing where he has George Knapp
explain all the different things he went
through to prove that Bob Lazar was
legit one of them being that he
definitely worked at Los Alamos he was
even in the employee registry even
though they said he didn't yeah play
that and give me some volume
the central question for me about Bob
was did he work at Los Alamos laughs if
he worked there on classified projects
it is plausible that he could work at
array 51 at Papoose Lake on other stuff
did he work there I can tell you
flat-out he did a hundred percent
certain that he did I found his name in
the phone book I found his name and an
article in the Los Alamos newspaper I
talked to people who were there and
finally Bob took me there he took me
into the lab waved at the security guys
who brought a camera along this guy was
familiar was like a rabbit running
through a burrow that he had traveled
every day and he's waving at security
guys and walking into all these
buildings he knew his way around he'd
been there before they knew him they'd
let him in they left me in I interviewed
people he worked with
they said he was there we proved it and
yet the paper trail ends at a certain
point we don't have any records we can't
find anything they'd already told me
they had the records as soon as I think
I'm getting close they yanked the
out from under me he took lie-detector
test he passed all of them I sure
doesn't mean anything but look this is
we're talking about the 1980s they get
away with a lot back then in terms of
erasing your history and his his
education is undeniable in terms of what
he knows he's a brilliant guy when you
talk to him he's not faking anything
he's not like he doesn't have any holes
in his understanding knowledge ethics or
you know I don't know if he's telling
the truth
but again I'm not I'm not objective I'm
biased I want to believe I want to
believe as well I can't get beyond the
school things that tie in to me that
says he's not being truthful well the
MIT thing I'll tell you this he told me
that they sent him from Los Alamos labs
to there to work on something and I'll
tell you what it is off air but I told
them I wouldn't I wouldn't talk about it
during the podcast because you're gonna
hear when I tell you you're gonna go
holy fuck and it'll make a little more
sense it's um
I don't know you know it's again I'm a
fucking loser I want it to be real no
but it can be real I I just but I mean I
want it to be so I'm not looking at it
yeah I'm not you're very buy-in you care
about yeah I'm invested I'm not I mean
I'm not invested anymore like even the
the the the three naval videos I'm like
whenever a pilot sees something that
tic-tac video but now that there's
something that they're saying that's
making me go that might be man-made
because they're saying something about
if we were to reveal this it would
compromise national security
no no they could reveal all the files
they have on these UFO incidents it
would compromise national security first
of all because it will compromise their
if they reveal how they know that
something is blocking radar that object
whatever it was was actively jamming
radar I had commander flavor the guy who
owned that thing the guy who was there
and who reported that thing I had him
here he said that thing went from 60,000
feet down to 200 in less than a second
there's nothing that we have the not or
not he said that the thing moved so fast
it made this this travel in this radar
you know radar as a blip right it's like
BIP BIP BIP in between one blip to
another it had moved in a preposterous
speed you couldn't even track it it was
it was moving so fast they don't know if
it did it in less than a second or if it
didn't once
but whatever was the amount of distance
that has traveled is impossible what did
they have the laws of physics as we
understand them could they see it could
they see with the naked eye as well yes
they can see it with the naked eyes this
is on the other water yes you can see
the video you can see the thing on video
you can see the thing on video move off
you can see that it's actively jamming
radar you can see that they're trying to
track it and stay with it but it's
moving too fast see there's something
they said recently that made me think oh
that might be man-made and I forget it
was something to do with compromising
national security or whatever the quote
was I was like that sounds like
something that there's man-made they're
worried they'll compromise well here's
something that they've created I know
what you saying but here's the thing
like whatever it is someone made okay if
it's not man then it's something from
another planet maybe it is man-made
maybe it is some project that the
government has but whatever it is it's
something that moves at an insane speed
that we're not capable of understanding
it's in terms of what what the average
person who understands propulsion and
engines and combustion all those people
well pilots see when pilots say stuff I
listen to it because they understand
those things I don't like for me I don't
know how things are supposed to move but
they do so when they're confused by
something that's what got me interested
was when the time is did the article on
those so I really started going like I
started you know watching and reading
and I'm like I want to believe I just
can't find anything that doesn't have a
gap that I can't cross well you should
talk to flavor he's a fucking rock solid
guy he's very it's very compelling when
you talk to him in person because he
doesn't want to have anything to do with
publicity he's not interested at all he
wanted to tell a story because he felt
like they're not being honest about it
yeah and that people really should know
that there's some things that we don't
understand and that these guys that are
down in San Diego that were at this Air
Force Base they were seeing these things
like fairly recently before his his
experience right they had seen one like
four in the last couple weeks I think it
was and then they find him on the East
Coast two same thing and they move in
the same way that Bob Lazar described
these things that he worked on area s
for the same way where there's something
called element 115 that Bob Lazar
described in the late 80s early 90s they
didn't even know it was real until 2013
he
describing it long before it was ever
proven to be an actual thing long before
they ever created it with a particle
accelerator he what he reminded this was
myit again I'm basing this only on
opinion I have no facts for this when I
listen to him hyrum he my first thought
was after these things that don't line
up oh he took somebody's story
what he's saying is somehow true but
he's telling somebody else's story and
there may be a total blight but that's
just what that's was my head told me was
because he knows so much and yet how do
they make your education disappear like
I'm not hard not hard in the 1980s I
went to school with him have talked
about it that's what I want to hear from
oh yeah I wanted to school them well he
they have records of people that went to
school with them who talked about it
that Evan I will they have records of
people that work with him at Los Alamos
labs they've talked about it have a
sonically because that's what I haven't
heard talk to George Knapp I know that
and I want to hear who these people are
not not in acquisitive but I want it to
be true like I want people to go I'll go
Yankees in my fucking like class I know
I talked about it on the podcast where
he went back and found these guys that
he worked at the lab with he worked at
los alamos lab for sure and he worked on
top-secret nuclear projects and he
worked in propulsion and that's one of
the reasons why they sent him to this
area s4 because he put a jet engine in a
Honda in the 1980s and you know he's the
guy's a fucking super jock guy and so
when he did this they were like well
this guy has a very intense
understanding of combustion engines and
propulsion and all these different
things that he's creating and so like
let's see if this guy can crack this
crazy nut yeah and so they were just
bringing scientists to try to get a
different perspective on these crafts
and the one that he was working on or
one of them that he's working on they
said they had found in an archeological
dig that's where it gets really crazy
like they found this thing what he was
working on they think what he read was
that what the government was telling
them when they were working there when
they were briefing him was that human
beings are the product of science
projects that human beings were created
when many many thousands of years ago
hundreds whatever
millions of years ago however
was the aliens came down here and did
experiments with lower hominids they did
experiments with primates and added
their DNA and manipulated the DNA to
create human beings and it's one of the
reasons why if you see like the only
thing that's like us is dogs in that
dogs can all breed with each other like
a pit bull can breed with a poodle but
they don't look anything alike right but
they breed together perfectly you would
assume those are two different things
right but they're not they're the same
thing that's the same with people like
Shaquille O'Neal could fuck bridget the
midget right they're the same thing or a
tiny little asian girl like a giant man
and little who doesn't look anything we
look so different some of us are red
hairs some of us are Asian so you know
we we vary so much we're almost like
dogs in that way and we know that dogs
are a product of manipulation we have
manipulated dogs and turned them into
what they are through selective breeding
and through all the you know the
different methods they use to try to
achieve you know whatever a bulldog is
or whatever collie is and 20 by the way
why okay they can't breathe okay I feel
that we've created this thing and put a
stick in its mouth it's fuckin vicious
it's sad
well even English bulldogs those fat
boys with those black yak there was
lying down they can't breathe well even
my dog you just you met Marshall he's
like that used to be a wolf like wolves
are what all dogs come from how all dogs
even Khali's even chihuahuas the origin
of all those animals is a wolf so we
took a wolf and we slowly turned it in
to whatever a sheepdog is we slowly
turned it in to whatever a fuckin Shiba
Inu is all these different dog species
they're all they all emanate from wolves
we didn't even know that until just a
few decades ago when they started doing
DNA scans of dogs they thought they were
gonna find all these wild canids and all
these different things that are the
origin of dogs the
but no it's not it's all wolves
everything came from a wolf I have a
Bible as our question it's not that I
don't know enough about it to convince
you otherwise I but I just don't but I'm
kind of hoping you can convince me if
they made the school records disappear
right why do they leave the records that
we just saw from that place didn't know
they were there that that's someone he
had a copy of the the registry for that
place someone who worked there during
the same time he did how to copy the
registry do they they didn't just
eliminate as the eliminate his social
security number they eliminated a lot of
shit dude in the 1980s they can make you
effectively disappear yeah I'm sure they
can I mean the India is paper trails
were a little bit different yeah but
it's just I I can't get beyond the two
degrees again I want I wanna I'm sure
I've heard him interviewed he's a very
compelling guy not not to harp on it I
just attuned to these two degrees are
not hard that's not hard to get past
that's not hard to to eliminate what's
hard is understanding all the things he
understands when it comes to science
without an education the way he talks
about it have you ever seen the videos
where he's describing it in the late 80s
yeah it's exactly the same as he
describes it now exactly the same no
variation whatsoever that's kind of like
tell a story forty years ago and then I
asked you again today to tell me that
same story most bullshitters are gonna
have some holes in that story and change
it and doesn't mean he's telling the
truth but he's been insanely consistent
I would almost think too that a lot of
times truth tellers have things change
that's why I witness testimony is so
unreliable because even a truth teller
will make mistakes over time yep
if it's a if it's a story that I've
created I think I'm less likely to
forget details if I've created it
because I have a beginning middle and
end to it right but it's very
complicated what he's saying yeah I
saying it's very complicated in the
descriptions of them descriptions of
these crafts and the way that propulsion
system works and the fact that it uses
this incredibly dense element that
doesn't even exist on earth in you know
1989 or whatever it was but now they
found actually as a real thing like that
element 115 that was that was people
were saying that science fiction you're
making things up but now that they have
created it in particle accelerators like
Oh
okay this is a real thing now what if
there's a planet that has a completely
different atmosphere completely
different relationship with its star and
element 115 is common like they find
things in asteroids all the time right
that are very very rare on earth but
very common in space it's one of the
ways that they know whether or not we've
been impacted like one of the ways they
know that the Yucatan was hit with his
gigantic asteroid that killed the
dinosaurs 65 million years ago is a
layer of iridium at 65 million years
iridium is very very rare on earth but
very common in space and this layer of
it this dense layer at 65 million years
ago shows that that's when it was hit
that this giant chunk of space rock
slammed into the earth and killed
everything yeah I know
lookyou I like the fact you're skeptical
I'm very scamp I wish I was more and I
don't I don't want to be because I
really want to believe it because it
also gives us a hope that we have some
kind of a possible immortality somewhere
believe me I'd fucking like rayker as
well as much as anybody does he gives us
all hope but I just I keep getting to a
sticking point every single time there's
something I can't get beyond when it
comes to that conspiracy I know what you
mean
I know what you mean it's look I thought
it was all horseshit for a long time I
was I was like I was mocking it all for
a long time and then Jeremy corbels
documentary really flipped the switch
with me I was like god dammit is this
real and then Kennedy no Jeremy and
talking to him and then getting no Bob
having dinner with Bob and then getting
Bob to come here and sit down it was
very hard to get him to come in yeah
very hard very hard he was super nervous
he was getting migraines he didn't want
the he didn't want the scrutiny and then
meanwhile while he's doing Jeremy's
documentary they fucking raid his
business they raid his business and go
through all his stuff the FBI did they
caught it all on video it's all part
like this is not just a regular guy
they're going through all of his his
data they're going through his all of
his emails they confiscated his
computers they didn't find anything he's
he's free and clear but they were
looking for element 115 he thinks
because he had some apparently
and they had done some tests and there's
video of it with George Knapp where
they've got like they've got fog there
usually some sort of a fog machine and
they're showing how this gives off a
certain it gives off a certain field
that makes it almost impossible to grab
and touch and this fog is rejected by
this field and what they're saying about
that element is and I'm gonna butcher
this I don't really understand the
science but this this gravity
intensifier this gravity multiplier or
whatever the fuck it is gravity
projection thing with that 115 it
distorts gravity and that's how these
things are able to move through these
insane through insane speeds and the way
he described it is that it's like if you
have like a real cushy mattress real
soft mattress and you put a massive
bowling ball in the center of the
mattress everything would just go zoom
and Bend around the bowling ball well
that's what element 115 with that craft
in that propulsion system does to
space-time it bends gravity if it bends
space-time he lives in truth I don't
know the answer to this I always walked
I've heard of that doesn't everything
else get fucked up
like if you're bending space-time
there's everything else just kind of
come closer together and I don't know I
don't know maybe doesn't maybe does
maybe doesn't I don't know maybe it just
does it with whatever's around it and
maybe we don't understand what you know
how spaced we know that gravity bends
things for it bends light that's why you
know when you're looking at the Sun you
can actually see things they can see
things are actually behind the Sun
because it wore the massive gravity of
the Sun because it's so enormous it
actually manipulates light it bends it
so you can see things that are actually
behind it I want to know like if he had
done Neil deGrasse Tyson bunch times
yeah he's fascinating you know and a
skeptic um and he's an interesting
skeptic because he may I mean he saw he
can base it in what he knows or believe
scientifically right but I you know guy
try on our show went at it with him you
know who went on Troy Oh who's Troy he's
our fucking uh he's a DJ and he's our
fucking like a guy who works our
computer wait wait Troy went out with
Neil
Tyson oh yeah about what cuz he thinks
he's a full-of-shit government agent and
hiding you a hose no I was great that
was a fun video no but Troy thinks that
Neil is an agent an agent that agent I
mean like an agent as in as in
representing the point of view
understand is he one of those flat earth
guys no no you just said he thinks that
there's UFOs there's a lot of things
we're not being told but it was a great
video that day but if they're not being
told do you think that they tell
astronomers and astrophysicists do you
think they tell guys like Neil deGrasse
Tyson like why would they pull him aside
hey hey guy who works at the Hayden
Planetarium we're gonna we're gonna give
you secrets and we definitely want to
make sure you don't tell him two people
on the Opie and Anthony show yeah sure I
thinks that he he knows really yeah come
on
no it's legit yeah he really does okay
all right Troy but he said we always
going back and forth was it entertaining
Sonya or did he get weird he was okay
with it you know we had deal on UFC
unfiltered and him and Matt wrestled it
was really funny cuz Neil is such a big
dude and people forget but he was a
heavyweight wrestler
where do they wrestle there was their
mother floor no they were talking about
some kind of a joke or something or a
submission and as a video of it yeah I
filmed it and I think he was trying to
show Matt something he was a legit
wrestler he was he was stacked when he
was young you ever see him no dude pull
a picture of Neil deGrasse Tyson when he
was in college dude he was fucking
jacked like like a UFC fighter yeah he
was built really well built Matt did put
him in something that he was unable to I
think of course yeah champion Neil
wasn't sure if he could do it yeah I
don't know if Neil was as familiar with
Matt oh good lord look at him yes dude
Jesus come on man
he's fucking jack yep John shoulders the
sweetheart of a guy I really like him I
love deal yeah he's a he's a really that
picture up there up in the left hand
corner right above that one fascinating
guy look out look at that stud it looks
like the Mod Squad isn't that amazing
him as a college student Wow I would
never know that's him I know
look at the fucking sideburns yeah
that's very 70s
sweet don't you wish you could grow afro
I wish I could grow any real facial hair
it just doesn't look right looks wispy
and shitty it's getting gray now anyway
so I keep it short but eventually it's
all gonna come off yeah I keep mine
short my my beard hair but when I grow
it out it's depressing it's all white
yeah me too have like little I mean out
you could see this I know they have some
now but like all around my sides is all
white now it's a sign of 10 do you care
about it though like it Boz it bugs me
man like I'm like I live with it and
again it beats dying but I'm fucking a
little like goddamn man you're 51 and
it's not gonna you're not going
backwards it's not going backwards I
don't enjoy it like this is great I'm
getting old
I don't but perspective I'm a extremely
fortunate person extremely yeah like
insanely preposterous ly blessed and
fortunate I I can't complain about shit
I'm a lucky lucky person yeah yeah you
get to I mean people you do it you love
but I think about this shit I complain
about and it's luxury problems because
I'm doing the job I want to do yeah
first world problems I have three
awesome jobs you know I mean my side job
is the UFC I'm the color commentator for
the UFC that's my side gig I just do
that for fun you know I can't wait for
in Ghana rosin strike I can't wait
goodness can't wait for that fight and
is that scheduled for which I want to
say it's April tickets just went on sale
March 28th March March 2000 Rosen strike
what he did to ouster over his face with
that fucking leaping right hook yeah
when he split his fucking mouth open
that guy is a fucking tank
and what was more impressive than
anything to me in that fight was not
that he knocked him out with the last
ten seconds to go but that he absorbed
all the shots now star hit him with and
he kept pressing forward almost like he
was invulnerable to him I never saw
anybody do that to Alistar he was losing
that fight though I think Alex yeah oh
yes
Alistair was winning that fight for sure
roses truck is a fucking tank man yeah
he's a tank and he's a legit 265 right
unnatural 265 as is n gan Oh
so I think this is the first time in
Ghana has ever fought a guy who's a real
world-class kickboxer who is also his
size naturally and is also a vicious
knockout part puncher
I still think in Ghana hits harder I
think I still think in Ghana is faster
but if I was in rows and strikes corner
what I would be concentrating on his leg
kicks
in particular because Junior dos Santos
even though in Ghana starched him in the
first round and gun starches almost
everybody else but in junior was able to
get off a lot of leg kicks early in the
round and was able to at least affect
him in some way I was like okay this
could be an issue of a real good
kickboxer now we didn't see Rosen strike
used that sort of strategy against
against Alistair he was really looking
to put hands on Alistair he threw some
kicks but really I think in if he
adjusts with in Ghana and tries to move
away from the big shots and chop the
legs he's a better kickboxer he's got
real experience with Muay Thai you know
but he's also a ruthless knockout
striker and he has a crazy chin Rosen
strike has a crazy chin man didn't you
feel bad though for Overeem at the end
of that like the fact it was almost like
he kind of just jumped up and walked off
like it was a walk-off home run and and
the ref was like all right like I just
looked at his face was hanging off do
you think they should have stopped it
yes to his cut went like all the way up
to his nose like if if Rosa strike
punched him more it would have probably
fallen off and then they wouldn't had a
stitch-up
take a patch off the canvas and wash it
off and glue back to the case that he
was done like just find that ko find
rose and strike Kos Alistair over him
the UFC does a thing that I really wish
they wouldn't do and I don't understand
the thought process behind it and this
thing is they don't show finishes online
you can't see the finishes like you'll
see a guy pulling off of the guy like
when they stop the fight he walks away
right yes but they don't show the actual
finish what do you think that is
poor thinking I just I don't show it I'm
exciting people want to see it'll make
more people watch it is that to get you
to fight - watch this watch this
yeah I mean look see a flop up but watch
him go down look
that see that stop the fight teaches it
does it is that it at the end of it okay
I wanted it to play out more because you
could see how he's basically helpless I
wonder if they'd do that to get people
to go to fight pass like maybe if they
if we show you part of it it took up
like an automatic promotion for fight
pan I get this - thank you I can't hanim
ajan that's true
I think they fight pass is awesome they
should you know just go to it if you're
a fan yeah I mean it's fight pass is
great and it's not just for fight pass
it's got you know quintet Eddie Bravo's
combat jujitsu zon that a bunch of
different Muay Thai organizations on
that all the UFC's fight passes the shit
okay here it is look there he's a little
bit yeah he's wobbly there but by then
wouldn't it have been boom how much time
was left when that happened
mmm see ya baby yeah he walked away yeah
if he had jumped on him and they stopped
it I would get but you could see he died
and touched him Dan touched him watch
Dan touch roses Rex he touches him there
yeah he walked away and then he waved it
off after Alistair walk yeah you're
right
no you know it's a good point it's a
real good point I'm gonna still maybe is
this the cut was so nasty it was so
nasty way interesting mere seconds from
the final but that's why it made me feel
bad for over because if he went down to
hit him and he stopped it I'll be like
he had to stop it right but him walking
away might have fucked him I know that
one more time one more time to know one
more time watch this he's moving to our
hands down gets caught boom gets dropped
yeah no you're right got right back up
no Ashlee's a good point okay no I
changed my mind
I changed my mind
yeah that when I saw it I was just so
stunned that he caught him in the last
couple say now but it really does prove
it's like you have to watch the fight
till the end it was an exciting way for
a fight yeah I mean it was like
Rodriguez Korean Zombie it's like the
fight ends like that how do you ever
watch a fight for you know you you can't
not watch till the end that elbow was
insane that elbow was insane the way
through that like a look away elbow and
the Korean Zombie just flatlines you're
like holy shit it wasn't Rodriguez
losing that fight to remember
yes and then the Korean zombie just
knocked out Frankie Edgar he's an animal
yeah he is in zombies a tough
motherfucker he had to take two years
off to serve the South Korean oh yeah
military military makes you it's
mandatory it's like Israel you have to
do mandatory military time you are and
your thing with that have you talked to
Steven Avery uh Steven a Smith yeah no I
like the way you handle that you're
really honest dude and you didn't get
caught up in the fact that he liked you
and he's a big name in sports I love how
you how you spoke about it listen I I'm
I'm very good friends with cowboy I love
that guy
love him he's awesome he's not quitter
he doesn't quit he got smashed he didn't
quit
that's my only observation and Steven
Naismith his thing is talking shit he's
a master at being this entertaining guy
who talked shit about sports and I don't
think he's a bad guy I just think that's
where that's how he butters is Brett
that's his thing right that's how he
talked he talked shit and but fighters I
feel like it's a different thing it's
not just a sport it's a sport where
you're literally risking your life you
know knock on wood we've been very lucky
in the UFC we haven't had any loss of
life but it's a hundred percent possible
and it definitely has happened in other
organizations and it happens in boxing
every year yeah
and if it happened in the UFC would be
it would be horrendous and if it
happened at cowboy
if cowboy died in the hospital that
night and believe me that's possible
cowboy had a broken orbital bone and he
had a broken nose and he got beaten down
by one of the biggest punchers in that
division in any--in you know I mean then
155 pounds really but the way Conor
cracked him like Conor like I don't I
don't care who you are he hits you like
that you're in real big trouble he
fractured Cowboys face if cowboy died in
the hospital after Steven Naismith or
someone else was it was chastising him
and mocking him and saying he quit he
folded yeah imagine well he didn't do
well but there he's got a point there
cowboy did not perform well and the
reason why you didn't perform well is
because Connor
perform spectacularly that's what
fighting is all about Josie Aldo who is
one of the greatest fighters that's ever
done it and at the time was the greatest
featherweight of all time kind of
flatlined him in 14 seconds with one
punch that doesn't mean that Josie Aldo
didn't show up or Josie Aldo quit
it means Conor has a fucking brand for a
fist and he throws it perfect he's got
massive power massive power and
explosive speed and he's a killer man
Conor McGregor he's a goddamn killer you
know I like him more than I used to - I
was never a Conor fan I liked him more
after I saw him lose and how he handled
a loss you know I just liked him like I
watched him talking like yeah I kind of
like I like him and it seems like this
fight with cowboy he went into it
differently than he has publicly in the
past and maybe that's just because he
likes him and in the next fight with
Habib he'll be the same as he was but I
like him more now than I ever liked it
he definitely handled himself in public
better but I also think honestly that he
probably didn't feel like he had to play
games with cowboy that you know he felt
like cowboy style was tailor-made for
him he felt like cowboy was stiff and
then he was going to be able to take him
out and catch him and hurt him
and he did he was right he probably
didn't feel like he needed to play
psychological games yeah when you're
fighting a guy like kabhi kabhi was such
a destroyer he's such a fucking
destroyer I mean I have seen him take
guys with like extensive wrestling
backgrounds guys like Abel Trujillo just
ragdoll just throw them around man
Michael Johnson throw them around it's
like you have no business in there with
them it just beats the fuck out of
people malls Omaha FAL dos Anjos world
champion grab some throws him to the
ground helpless you can't do she's
claustrophobic looking watching it like
I think if I remember that Michael
Johnson fight the wrist control he's
just his arm tied behind and he's
punched him in the face I'd quit quit
yeah quit you know I deserve title shot
quit you know if they were always
talking about Conor McGregor and he's
like send me location send me a location
where are you tell me it send me a
location like he's like dude I'm coming
for you he's a he's a monster there's
only two guys in the sport that
our world champions destroyers at that
level who are undefeated
one of them's John Jones the other ones
could be yeah no one else's like that
where they just smash everybody John
Jones has won bullshit loss where the
referee decided that the elbows were
illegal and the referee was doing his
job but it's nonsense that fucking elbow
rules stupid he smashed that guy I
wonder if that in a way to that loss was
years ago I wonder if that because so
many guys become undefeated and all of a
sudden they lose one and then they lose
a couple you wonder sometimes if an
early loss like that takes the pressure
of being undefeated never been beaten
but you still have that one L so there's
not that that whole thing on your back
like I can't lose I can't lose I can't
get that one out John almost lost his
last fight I want to see that to Santos
rematch more than I want to see Jones
fight anybody that thinks I'm fucking
crazy that's the fight I want to see I
think if there was a Santos rematch John
Jones takes him down and beats the fuck
out of him if I had a guess I think John
Jones decided to try to stand up with
him and Brendan Schaub had an
interesting take on he said John's
playing with his food they say he's
bored he just he's just side in the kick
box with these guys but at the end of
the day after five rounds there was a
split decision
one judge scored it in favor of Thiago
song yes I don't necessarily agree I'm
not saying I agree I watched the fight
again last week and it's a great fight
I didn't score it though you know I just
enjoyed it I think if you if you really
want to score that's why I don't score
fights when I'm watching them but
sometimes you just know you don't have
to squirm like if there's a bunch of
knockdowns or someone beats the shit out
of somebody and it's clear you know but
that fight was not clear there was like
there's moments where Thiago Santos Rock
John and hurt him
when did he hurt him sign that first I
know the leg kicks in the first round
were really I thought they were being
really effective and then when did he
hurt himself was at the end of the first
router in the second round but don't
remember I'd have to go back and watch
it again I think it was the second round
I think we isolated it on the camera the
truck because I was saying something's
going on I'm noticing the way he's
moving I'm at to ACL blowouts so I'm
particularly sensitive when I see
somebody moving funny on their knees you
know and when I was seeing him do that
I'm like something's going on
and then the truck isolated a moment
where you see his knee do this where the
knee the bottom part of the knee pops
forward that's almost always an ACL
because it's there's an instability to
it where it just gives out and that was
like the second round and turned out
well he blew out both fucking knees but
at the end of the fight both his knees
were shot he's still throwing bomb yeah
haymakers and just look nothing was
bothering him
I mean he's in there with the best guy
in the light heavyweight division
unquestionably ever and he got to a
split decision on two blown out knees
that's why I want to see a rematch with
him I think he earned it I think that
was considering how he hurt himself I
that's the fight I want to see is the
rematch between Santos and jump although
George might be a heavyweight by the
time he comes back yeah he's gonna be a
long time is you know his knees been
bolt the knees or reconstructed I mean
he was walking with crazy crutches with
both knees like embraces and shit he's
fucked yeah and who knows if he's gonna
come back well you know when you blew
your knees out like that man that's no
guarantee cuz your tear in the meniscus
so all the the soft tissue that
separates the two knees the two the two
bones rather all that's been chewed up
so they had to do a meniscectomy or
whatever the fuck they called him
minutes ago P what do they call that
it's a house Kofi but what is the actual
operation c35 dog oh yeah not sure I
don't think he's that old he was a
middleweight for a while yeah yeah David
branch stopped him at middleweight guys
guys beat him at middleweight I think
was just training himself
cutting too much weight but he's um he's
a fucking dangerous puncher man that's
for sure and a real good striker for
that and he fought disciplined in that
fight which was interesting he fought
sneaky and disciplined yeah has anybody
done that to Jones's legs before no I
can't remember seeing anybody leg kick
him that no well his luck it's
devastating - I know yeah and John has
those little tiny calves - his body is
crazy it's almost like a cartoon right
because he's got these big-ass feet and
this big wide back with his calves that
like my forearm it's weird
his accuracy doesn't work the Marisa's
by somebody's just won't
junetta cold large ones no it's just
genetics but listen it's a fucking
for combat sport ya body because he's so
long and he's so strong it's not only
skinny and weak he's thin and
ridiculously strong like when he tucked
Daniel Cormier down everybody was like
holy fuck
he just took down one of the best
wrestlers to ever compete in MMA and he
did it in the first round yeah
when both of them are fresh you know
you're like wow John is strong you could
see it when he gets a hold of guys
he's the goat he's the greatest light
heavyweight of all time and man maybe
the greatest fighter of all time you
know there's only the only guys that are
close is in my mind it's Mighty Mouse is
one of them fade oars another one but I
think John has had better competition I
think John's had the best competition
yeah he has for everybody and Cormier
and I wants to fight steep a but I a
third fight with those go I would love
to see Cormier in gone oh that's a fight
that I would we're gonna happen never do
it I don't want to see that I love DC I
don't want to see him fight that guy I
always thought DC would you know cuz cz
is so good at getting in I always had a
feeling he'd be able to take him down
save it save all that shit that's this
to me that is the scariest man in MMA is
Francis he is yeah the scariest when he
punched Alistair over him and Alistair
Overeem was literally looking at the
back of his heels his head snapped back
so far he could see his feet it was
terrifying it was also what he just did
to jr. and to curtis blades okay after
two losses game yeah it was like fuck
yeah he fixed whatever it was that he
needed to fix yeah well you know those
guys just couldn't stand with them the
question is like what steep a is that
those guys aren't is first of all steep
as an excellent wrestler he also was a
world champion in the most accomplished
world champion ever he's the first guy
to ever defend the title well I think
defended it three times or four times I
think four and the fifth one is reversed
four times yeah he's ste pays the most
accomplished heavyweight champion of all
time and now he's won the title for a
second time and the way he beat DC in
the third fight or the second fight
rather with those left hooks to the body
oh god damn those were nasty
third or fourth round right and he again
he was I think losing that fight just
couldn't make it happen and DC was
honest though he said that I liked the
idea of punching him in the fit like he
didn't want to just listen to his corner
he felt too good to punch
walking out on the first fight yeah but
I've speculated that one of the reasons
why he knocked him out in the first
round in the first fight was two things
one it was a beautiful punch where he
set it up while he was pummeling and I
don't think steep I saw it coming I
think it was a perfectly placed punch he
hit him on the job perfectly and also I
think steep a was probably still a
little hurt from that Francis and Ghana
fight because Francis and Ghana and him
went to war for five rounds and
particularly in the first two rounds
Francis hit steep a with some fucking
bomb yeah steep a weathered a storm but
it might have made him more susceptible
to being knocked out because a couple of
their shots yeah man when you get a
fight where you get beat up like that
even if you win he took some hard hard
hard shots that takes something out of
your sails man and especially you know
to fight him just a few months later
right after that big crazy fight with in
Ghana like really a guy like that like
steep a especially he's like 36 I think
at his age you know you fight have a war
like that with in gone you should have
one of those a year maybe yeah and then
for like six months you shouldn't do
jack shit you should go in cryo chambers
and fucking hyperbaric chambers and get
massages and let your body heal up you
you were in a car accident yeah you know
you got run over by a truck and you
survived what do you think of I'm
looking forward to our to Sonya I kind
of wanted to see Paula cross to get the
fight but I I'm the fact that he's doing
with Romero is still is still a great
fight I'm happy it's you all Romero for
two reasons one because Paul cost they
can do in the future the Holocaust is
only like twenty nine years old he's
young guys like Adesanya and too
stylistically I want to see I still want
to see Paul Acosta I mean Paul Costa is
a monster man he's he's a monster I'm
really I mean especially after he beat
yo L like that really interested in
seeing him fight Israel but
stylistically I'm interested in Yoel
Romero vs Israel because of the
wrestling because yo Elle's wrestling is
crazy he's one of the most powerful guys
that's ever fought in that division he's
enormous for that division and he's so
fuckin explode
and he can take it credit and crazy shot
I mean if you look at the two of them
together yeah I mean is he is taller and
longer and Yoel is just fucking jacked
he's not even built like a real human
his waist is this tiny thing his muscles
are fucking preposterous
when you see him you're like oh that's a
comic book guy that's not a real person
he's a comic book person he's 40 years
old 41 years old he's 41 still jacked
super super jacked and I think honestly
he should have already been the champion
I think he beat Robert Whittaker in the
second fight my feeling is that he hurt
him more he was more effective and there
was two rounds that easily could have
been ten eight rounds where he had
Robert Whittaker fucking staggered and
if that was the case he would've won the
title if he was it a split decision I
don't remember I don't know I don't
remember you google Yoel Romero versus
Robert Whittaker I don't know I mean
split decisions are so crazy right it's
like what if Thiago Santos is the UFC
light heavyweight champion now because
one judge says he should be two judges
say he isn't split decisions are real
weird I think there's not enough judges
there should be at least five judges it
probably should be ten and I think we
should also have an online judging I
think they should have that and maybe
that they don't take it into
consideration in term but but for us was
this a year unanimous unanimous decision
what by one point on each judges
scorecard and I disagreed with that but
you know that's okay
very interesting yeah I'm looking
forward to that I don't remember when
the fight is but I'm looking forward to
it yeah
that's all when is that when is Izzy oil
is that March in Vegas I think it's yes
it yeah March is that I guess and what
you think Aviva's in Brooklyn right yes
you going to that I don't know it
depends if I'm working that we take that
weekend off Jimmy I got a bunch of dates
I'm not now up so I may be I may be
working I don't remember I'm super
pumped for Dominic Rhea's and John Jones
yes that is a dangerous fight for Jon
Jones Dominic Reyes he is not getting
enough credit he's 12 and oh he has a
fucking a ruthless left hand he's super
athletic and he's really
he's really tall and long and he's a
young guy
he's 30 years old you know and John you
know John has to take that guy really
fucking seriously I did think if I
remember correctly I remember thinking
it was Damir won the fight I thought it
was Tamir god I thought he should have
gotten a decision over done Reyes yeah
really close yeah look at that stats
again the the Taylor tape Jamie look at
the difference in the reach John Jones
has an eighty three and a half eighty
four and a half inch reach and then you
look at Dominic Reyes is 77 that's
interesting that's the width of the
shoulders John is so long yeah you know
you're measuring tip to tip like this
and one thing that John excels at is
keeping people at distance but he's
fighting a guy that's his height that
guy's just as long as him I mean not as
wide obviously the reach is different in
terms of the width of the shoulders but
Dominick Cruz's footwork and movement is
excellent as kicks or excellent he's got
nasty power in his hands and he's got a
lot of confidence man he's undefeated
coming in at 12 I know that guy is a
killer well he did the Chris Weidman I
was like holy shit
yeah I was a rougher to watch it's hard
to watch was that am I crazy to think
that Gustafson had that kind of reach -
yes he did right he was close to Glaser
- Jones - most guys Gustafson although
he has fantastic combinations in
excellent boxing does not have one punch
power the way Dominic Reyes has right
Dominic Reyes sets things up and when he
moves in boom he drops things on you and
dudes fold like when he fought OSP he
knocked out OSP with no time in the
fight it was basic like a couple of
seconds to go in the fight he cracked
OSP and they didn't give him the
knockout which I don't understand he
mean it was way worse than Alistair and
Andros and strike I mean he he had OSP
out he was gone and they they didn't
stop the fight and I'm like I don't
understand this this is like it was
confusing to me because he walked away
like it was over and it looked see if he
could find that Dominic Reyes drops OSP
who was waiting the fight at that point
Dominic Reyes was but OSP gave him some
trouble he gave him some trouble what I
mean
Dominic was definitely winning the fight
but OSP had his moments definitely had
his moments in
and I've watched that fight about a
month ago or so and when I was watching
I was trying to find moments where I
think John could capitalize that OSP
couldn't but OSB is distressed very
strong guy he's just a lot of guys
struggle with him including John Jones
John Jones struggled with OSP it's a
powerhouse man yeah you can't fuck up
with OSP you know he kikyo's guys he can
kale people with one punch like he ko'd
Shogun with one punch
he killed Corey Anderson I think wasn't
and I think that was John's first fight
back yeah after a while he's taking that
layoff and that was his first fight back
after a suspension or he had been gone
for a while and they had no one thought
that I was choosing to go the distance I
didn't he didn't go five and get the
decision yep they did so here it is
so here's Dominic Reyes what's this he's
moving boom he dropped some look at that
he's out look at that he's just lying
there out and down a greatest moves off
like that's it and they don't stop the
fight and the referee stands over and
lets him get back up to his feet in the
bell rang and they didn't call it a
knockout I'm like okay that's a knockout
man you could you know you couldn't
justify keeping that fight going but
that's what I bet your Overeem wishes
would have happened was if they were to
let it just walk away 100% and that if
listen if Dan murgh leotta and Dan did
his job because Dan supposed to be the
guy that calls the fight right I think
he should have called the fight but Dan
is supposed to be the guy that calls the
fight not the fighter so when Dominic
played it again
when Dominick Kayo's him all he had to
do was follow up with a couple strikes
and then the fucking show's over watch
this but it's beautiful footwork I love
how he did it - so osp's moving because
he's behind so he's trying to move
forward and press and trying to catch
him and Dominic's move in and OSB
presses him and you know and he uses
good footwork to avoid this - it catches
that left kick which is osp's power side
and as OSP is setting it up you see go
southpaw again so he's looking for that
left kick again there it is boom counter
took step over bang left hand and then
referees waiting for him to follow up so
if he just jumped on him there and
followed up instead of walking his hands
up the buzzer may have gone off
somewhere around then I don't know when
the buzzer went off yeah it was like 20
seconds 21 seconds when he hit up yeah
but Stern account Dan Burghley see if we
can get some volume on that
oh no it's a lot less than that yeah lot
less right at the horn so he dropped him
at the horn I still think they should
have stopped it but I don't know
whatever he won the fight but look he
basically knocked him out with a second
yeah you know but he's got a different
fight in front of him this weekend with
John Jones John Jones has such a history
of success against the best fighters on
the planet John finds a way to win he
does man he finds a way and it's like
that was the good thing about that
Gustafson fight the first one it was
such a boy if I remember right Jones
really turned it on in rounds four and
five like I thought Gustafson was ahead
maybe two to one and then rounds four
and five Jones won yeah again I don't
know if that's a correct recollection
but I remember being like fuck that's
why he's a champion he won the final
round five or sure and he wasn't even in
shape he didn't train for that fight
they said he just fucked off and was
partying and having a good time he just
thought he was under be unbeatable and
he said something really interesting to
me when he came in here he said he
always gave himself an excuse so that
like if he did lose he could always say
well you know what at least I didn't
train right like if I trained then I
would have beat that guy but he was
still beating people even though he
wasn't training hard and then he started
ramping it up and actually training hard
and when he almost lost everything you
know when he got arrested and all that
shit that happened to him and he almost
lost his career then when it came back
he had much more of a sense of urgency
because he realized like what a gift it
really was yeah I'm happy he's back too
and I honestly after that when I was out
there with Matt and after they they told
us that God man the fights not happening
I thought like he's never gonna watch
him fight again he'll never fight again
I thought so too when he crashed in that
lady's car and took off I was like oh my
god he might go to jail and you know I
just felt bad that he was doing that in
the first place just all of it
everything was wrong yeah there's too
much partying but sometimes someone
needs some sort of a giant scare a
horrible series of events where you
realize like oh I can't I can't do this
anymore I gotta live my life in a better
way yeah you have to almost have
everything taken away from you but I
believe
the Dominic Reyes is the most dangerous
fighter John Jones has faced since
Daniel Cormier I think Dominic Reyes
presents a very unique series of
challenges first of all the length the
undefeated record he's 12 and oh there's
confidence that comes with undefeated
fighters Adamic is extremely confident
he's he's a believer in himself and that
belief in himself has led him to stop
guys like Chris Weidman to knock out OSP
with one second to go
he's got belief in his power he's got
legit one punch knockout power he's got
great footwork and movement he just had
the opportunity to see John struggle
with Thiago Santos he has a style he can
mimic that kind of success that the
chopping at the legs I think this is a
dangerous fight for John but I also
think John knows it's a dangerous fight
for John and John is a champion a real
champion the greatest champion the light
heavyweight division has ever known
unquestionably and I think he's gonna
rise to the occasion I think we're gonna
see the best John Jones I think John
Jones needs a real threat to scare him
and work him up and I don't know if
Thiago Santos was that for him
maybe Thiago Santos was a title defense
a chance for him to fight but I don't
think I don't think that's what he gets
scared of I think John needs someone
like a Dominic Reyes a real threat so
that you see who he was in the second
fight with Daniel Cormier and when he
head kick DC and knocked him out the
second fight with Gustav and Gustafson
when he smashed down that's the real
John Jones John Jones when he when he's
pressed and I think that Dominic Reyes
presents that kind of a problem and I
think you're gonna see a fucking killer
John Jones next weekend I think he's
gonna be on fire I can't wait that's a
week from Saturday
yeah I can't we're so pumped at the
moment I stopped feeling like this I'll
stop calling fights but right now man I
fucking love it there's always fights I
want to see always fights I want to see
there's always something I'm looking
forward to there's never not two or
three fights on the horizon that I want
to see look at this Dana White says
kymaro Oman vs. Jorge Maz with all
planned for international fight week
John ton
yeah they just had a little shit the
Super Bowl I thought I was wrong too I'm
a fucking idiot I thought it was going
to be Connor against MOSFET no that's
how I thought the next fight was gonna
be that's a great fight that's a great
fight I think Connor really wants khabib
and Dana's keep saying they're gonna try
to make a rematch but I don't know why
they're saying that when khabib has to
fight Tony
yes motherfucking Ferguson yeah Tony's
the boogeyman that nicknamed el Cucuy
that's a perfect nickname for that guy
that guy's terrifying he never gets
tired no he never gets tired everybody
who fights it looks like they fell off a
train it's it's crazy that's the fight
everybody has wanted to see and again is
that March or April cuz if kind of roll
okay yeah that's still a ways away and
then who knows how that FICO is how long
it takes to get better it bent khabib
doesn't want to have anything to do with
Conor he's like fuck that dude and cubes
dad said give him a hundred million
dollars we'll fight him yeah yeah so I
don't think you can make a hundred
million dollars the only way it could
make a hundred million dollars is if it
gets the kind of numbers that Floyd
Mayweather vs Conor got or if the UFC
decides to bankroll it and gamble and
give him a hundred million dollars I
mean they might do that because here's
one thing we have to take any
consideration about khabib he's not just
an enormous star in the United States
he's a huge superstar in the muslim-held
huge huge he's a super religious guy I
mean he celebrates Ramadan he's you know
that's he's very respectful this is one
of the reasons why Conor's trash-talking
all that was so infuriating to him he's
a different guy man he's a man of virtue
still drives a fucking Toyota he's worth
millions and millions of dollars he's
not he's not a flashy dude he's a
fucking warrior and he doesn't want to
have that kind of situation again in his
eyes they fought once he smashed Conor
and he got him he got him to tap I
choked him and he's like good I did it
fights over
I did what I want to do fuck you you
know and then when they were saying god
we need to make a rematch no no no we
had the fight I fucked him up he can
suck my dick I'm gonna go do other
things I know that's that's that's what
he's thinking I think not the suck the
dick part yeah yeah just yeah I think
khabib versus tony is the toughest fight
of khabib career I really believe that I
think Tony Ferguson is a nightmare for
anybody especially right now
when you watch his fight with Anthony
Pettis when you watch how he busted up
Donald Cerrone I think Tony Ferguson is
the scariest guy for anybody at 155
pounds to fight he doesn't get tired he
fucking has bricks for hands and I had
Josh Thompson in here the other day
Josh was saying when could when Tony
Ferguson grabs him he said you can't
believe how big his hands are he's a gg
wraps his hands around his wrist I
couldn't get my hands-free he goes he's
fuckin hands are so big and strong in
his presence I don't know Halloween yeah
he's a spooky dude there's something
about Mikey ain't normal
he's not a normal guy he's eccentric but
in the good way yeah like especially
when it comes to being a fighter he does
all his own training he teaches him so
like he's got all this crazy shit he
does where he does like Wing Chun
dummies and break dances there's a lot
of shit that nobody on the video did you
see the video he put out kind of a Tony
Ferguson tribute workout video and the
gyms very music Tony's a he's a unique
individual there's no other Tony
Ferguson there's no one that I could
even think of that reminds me of Tony
Ferguson no one he's so different you
know that said khabib 'he's the fucking
man I mean no one runs through people
the way khabib does he smashes people he
drags him to the ground he out wrestles
him he pummels him he beats him down you
know he's an undeniable unstoppable
force the two of them together it's an
epic fight but I would not be making any
plans if I was Dana or if I was anybody
else I would not be making any plans
because khabib can win that fight yeah
could be I mean a fortune yeah Tony can
win that fight too either one of those
guys I mean to be ten win that fight but
it's not guaranteed Tony can win that
fight too Ferguson can win that fight
they both can win I just want the fight
to happen this is is this the fourth or
fifth time they get since terrible I
just want the fight to happen I mean
everybody knows you're telling me I'm
just begging and pleading that these
guys keep it together could only hope
only hope and pray they keep it together
it's a fucking amazing fight man amazing
and Kaitlyn is fighting what is she
fighting Valentina God but I'm not gonna
do it till yeah she's a-comin for a jump
yeah that's a dangerous fight that's a
dangerous fight for her Valentina scare
yes she is she's a killer that woman's a
killer
she has nasty power when she knocked out
Jessica I would that head kick I'm like
holy fuck
yeah she's frightening I mean I want to
see Kaitlyn cuz I know or so yeah it's
hard to root for people when you when
you've interviewed all the fighters you
like all of them it's eating by rooting
for someone you're kind of by proxy
rooting against someone else yeah hard
to root against someone who you've liked
interview it's hard to be objective when
you go all the like me well as I'm
calling the fights it's very hard you
know especially if it's someone like
Donald fighting who's actually a good
friend when I watch him fight you know
what do he was a really hard one really
hard was sharp cuz shop and I are tight
yeah dude when he would fight was so
hard for me because I knew he wouldn't
shouldn't be fighting anymore he was
getting knocked out I was like god damn
this is it was painful like I couldn't
sleep after the fights I'd be I'd be
just thinking about it going this he's
gotta stop gonna get hurt yeah he's
getting hurt he was getting hurt he's
getting knocked out and and he's getting
knocked out at heavyweight you know with
guys like Ben Rothwell putting those
giant mitts on him and Travis Browne
pummel him I'm like fuck you know it's
just like this this is not good you know
and I I'm so close with him he's you
know he's one of my favorite people so
me watching him getting beat up I was
like fuck it was so hard to call his
fights so hard yeah cuz you're watching
somebody you care about get hurt yeah
and I have to be excited you know when
Travis is putting it on them I mean I
have to treat it like I don't even like
Brendan like we're not even friends I
have to treat it like it's just a fight
you know it's hard but it's also you
know just hard personally not hard in
the moment but hard on you after it's
over it's like you know when you're
watching someone fight that shouldn't be
fighting anymore whether it's someone
you're close to like I was close with
Brendan or whether it's you know there's
there's fighters that you know fight
towards the end of the career like BJ
Penn some of his last fights oh my god
damn it you know he was a legend and in
his prime he's like one of the greatest
of all time guaranteeing like a real
phenom I'm a freak and to see him just
be a shell of himself or in the street
fighting in the street yeah that was
awful what really was off when Frankie
Edgar beat the fuck out of him most like
someone's gotta stop him he's gotta stop
when Frankie got on top of him was just
smashing and I was like someone's got
someone's gotta stop this he can't do
this anymore
it's hard man you know it's it's the
greatest thing those guys ever
experienced in their life and something
that you are you are I will never be
able to appreciate we've never
experienced that kind of glory yeah it's
a it's a it must be a high that's
indescribable I'll never feel it but it
must be to be a world champion like a BJ
Penn fuck man it's gotta be hard to
chase that for the next 30 years trying
to find anything it's like someone who
stops doing stand-up on a lesser level
what do you do to make you feel good or
to bring you that nothing well the
beautiful thing about stand-up is we
don't have to stop no George Carlin died
in a hotel room didn't having a heart
attack but you did you're the hospital
I'm fairly sure you went to the hospital
okay but he died when he was staying in
a hotel room yeah and on the road
working yeah yeah he drove and that's
like Ralphie no-tell room right or Jean
died someone's house Pinet might have
died in a hotel yeah I believe John
Pinette died no tell Ronie
I saw he had lost so much weight and I
saw him I was like how you doing there
like he was trying to get off all the
stuff he was on yeah and then jump pills
I heard he was yeah I didn't know I was
calling like he knew I was sober so we
talked briefly about it but it wasn't a
long conversation when I was first
starting out when I was an open mic or
Pinet was one of the favorite guys at
Nick's Comi stop in Boston and you know
he was established when I was just
starting out I remember watching him
just murder one night he had this bit
about going to an all-you-can-eat
Chinese buffet and they're screaming at
him you get out yeah yeah you eat too
much those leaks you go now yeah yeah
you go now yeah that was what it was
very famous bit and he murdered we did a
fucking Montreal one time it was a good
gala and all of us were bombing Anthony
Clark ate his dick I ate my dick nobody
was doing well and this was a gala in
Montreal and we're like that his crowd
sucks and then fucking Pinet went on and
blew a hole through the stage and you
know like it was us he had so much power
he was so good
yeah he was so good he had so much power
and I think the only thing that ever
held
back was his health you know I think if
he was healthier well I you know he
would have been able to kiss he had
energy on stage like he was fuckin going
yeah I was on stage and that's you know
real Boston style that aggressive attack
his style and just murders really funny
yeah it's gotta be hard to when you're
when you're fat and your whole thing is
like I'm a big fat guy and there's so
much material built around it and it's
who you are right it's got to be scary
to lose the weight
oh yeah it is it is hard well you know
Kevin James when he was young he had a
different manager and we have the same
manager now but he had a different
manager and his manager literally told
them if you lose weight you're losing
roles like roles and TV right and I was
like Luke don't fucking listen to that
guy like what are you talking about you
don't think you're gonna be funny of
you're thinner the fuck outta you're
funny dude yeah you're funny all the
time like but they don't mind fuck you
you know they wanted him to be the jolly
fat guy and like there's money in the
Jolly fat guy like do you want do you
want this guy to stay alive you fucking
asshole but you wonder too if you chain
like I always want if I change the
things I hate about myself or that I
don't like about myself am i funny
anymore nothing to talk about
call me if you don't think so you're
funny man but funny period it's not
rational I think a crazy thought you
have like what do I do without this well
I'm very lucky I don't have that thought
process but you can get away with it too
you can get out of that thought process
you don't need that that that thing if I
if I do that will I be any good you're
good you're a great joke writer you're a
funny comic you kill you make me laugh
hard you want a few guys like when I was
in Austin I was doing some shit with on
it remember that time we were working
there and I came to see at the gun club
I had a great time you made me happy
it was fun you know it was fun sitting
in the crowd and watching you kill it
was great you're kind of comedy is my
kind of comedy so like you know it was a
treat I was like this is great so if you
don't think that if you got healthy or
something like that you wouldn't be out
on it you're crazy but it's just that
crazy thing that you think it's like
they get not a rational thing if the
tape that plays it's also a defense
mechanism like your your brain is trying
to trick you into not getting better
because there's a lot of pressure and
improving yourself that
why junkies a lot of times fall back you
know alcoholics fall back they fall back
on it because there's comfort and
failing because they've failed so many
times before the pressure of not not 99
days you know drinking it can't believe
it that happens with gamblers too with
gamblers men oh there's the fucking rush
that gambling habit good man I've been
good I ain't playing the cards I ain't
doing shit I've been jogging a lot and
then one day you see them all fucking
eyes wide crazy and looking like they're
exhausted been playing cards all night
and shirts untucked yeah talk to you the
gambling one man I never got into that
one gambling scares me that terrifies me
because I know I would lose every show
it's like sex it's like everything else
it's like drugs or anything anything
that's a compulsion where it becomes
your main obsession more than positive
things in your life yeah that's what are
you willing to sacrifice for like
because people think else with sex is
not a dictate but it's like anything
else what am I willing to give up to get
it right and what am I willing to
sacrifice or risk to engage in it yeah
you want to risk your freedom are you
willing to risk your whatever right
there's a lot of things that addiction
makes you do and yeah they're just not
normal people behavior yeah it's not
normal people behavior and you wonder
like what is the root of those kinds of
obsessions like what what evolutionary
benefit is being obsessed with sex or
being obsessed with gambling or being
obsessed with drugs like what is it that
makes people gravitate towards those
things where just everything else seems
so secondary and then now like I gotta
get to the casino gotta get to that
fucking casino I knew people like that
especially for my pool hall days real
gambling junkies that were always
chasing that track yeah always trying to
score playing the lotto and look in a
gamble on games and cards and you know
like RD Laing who talks about it I mean
with RT the gambling thing was really
similar to him to the drug thing you
know the gambling the addiction to
gambling like he just loved being in
action come on what do we got and that
was a thing a lot like the drug thing I
can't do it with sports it just seems
like such a fucking waste of money like
I just can't put that kind of energy
into hope-a come on two outs to go
laughing and I can't make myself do it
and I'm glad I can't because I know I
would like it like rich Voss was a
fucking horrible gambler so I kind of
learned a lot from watching boss and how
out of control and how obsessive he was
and I'm like I know I would be it makes
watching fights more fun I don't gamble
on fights I used to I used to gamble on
the old days of the UFC cuz nobody told
me I couldn't I'm like I can't affect
the the outcome sure I'm just calling
the fight but then when I stopped Albury
my partner on it I I would give him tips
we'd sit down with the the card and I
might fucking 89% man are you real my
god yeah he winced and there was a few
that would come out every now and then
where I'd be like bet the fucking house
you know there's a few with the the
people that are making the odds they
don't know you know they didn't know who
and they knew Anderson Silva was good
they didn't know he was that good that
one I was like what is this I mean was
it three to one a bit but what do you
how much do you own push it all on the
Brazilian push it all baby there's a
this is always a few fights where a guy
comes up from another organization and
I'm like listen to me right now that guy
is a motherfucking murderer you got to
put all the money on that guy and then
you know we were like one-time RB and I
with me you know as a pic I think he was
at 89 percent over a period of like a
couple of years I have such a shit
record of picking fights me and Matt
used to do a thing at the end of our
filter where hey let's say let's just
try to guess the car I was fucking
horrendous at it it's really hard to
hard
Ryszard it well with some fights you
just you're just guessing it's some
fights you're literally guessing he just
like I don't know I don't know Tony
Ferguson and khabib I'm guessing come
it's hard to bet against khabib but it's
hard to bet against Ferguson the last
time Ferguson lost was when he got a
broken arm versus Michael Johnson and
he's run through world-class fighter
after world-class fighter since then I
think he's a fucking monster but I don't
know I don't know who's gonna win that
fight I mean it's really hard to bet
against kabhi kabhi its undefeated 28 no
smashes everybody yeah but Tony's got an
interesting style he can fight off his
back he fights on the ground he's not
gonna try to get back up he's gonna
attack off of his back everybody loses
some time I mean most guys don't
haier undefeated so the odds get what
that's why I thought that one lossless
Jones might have taken that pressure off
him look at uh tied to a Vasa you know
what was he was he I want to say ain't
no one point and then he's lost three
great fighter but it might get in your
head a little bit there might be
something that happens when you lose
that first fight well ty you know Ty's
fighting the best in the world you know
at heavyweight and in heavy way you
can't make any mistakes man those giant
dudes big-ass fists come slamming on
your head especially the in Ghana can't
make any mistake that fight I'm so
curious me too
I would lean towards in Ghana but I
don't know how much Rosen's trike can
fight man he can fight he's nasty I want
to see what it's like you know look I
thought in Ghana had an edge over
Derrick Lewis Derrick Lewis won that
fight and I know that was in Ghana
dealing with the worry after he had lost
his DJ and he was really psychologically
had an issue didn't fight his fight but
Rosen strikes a different animal man
Rosen strikes a different animal than
Derrick Lewis because he's he's a real
seasoned professional kickboxer I'm
gonna taking God knew only because of
what he's done since that lost those
three I mean III thought blades actually
stood a chance cuz he had that one fight
where was I think a doctor stoppage in
the second so like he's taking and got
his punches before he maybe in his head
a little but fucking ran through him
Kane and jr. so I can't ever pick
against in Ghana again until I lose
again well he's better now than he's
ever been before and I think the loss
too steep a ultimately I know he
struggled a little bit in the Derrick
Lewis fight but I think the loss too
steep a ultimately ultimately has made
him a better fire yeah he just
understands what it's like to lose he
understands what it's like to face the
best heavyweight on record ever in Steve
Bay you know he went five rounds with
the goat Steve pays the goat me is means
that he's defending the title more than
anybody that's ever done it in the
history of the heavyweight division and
having that kind of experience against a
guy like Steve a I think is fuckin
hugely valuable so I'm gonna train the
next time I see well I will have trained
I'm committing to it I mean committing
for two years to Napa I'm committing
that I'm going to do bourdain didn't
start till he was 58 I know now you know
I'm obsessed with it loved loved loved
it loved it dude when I did his
television show he and I were rolling
around in the dirt
I was showing him positions and I was
like you got long arms you like Darcy's
he's like yeah I go I got another move
for you you know what the Japanese next
time we're going all these in the grass
like I'm like from now from here you got
a turn and we're doing all this to heels
like amis ass he loved it he loved it
yeah it was it was amazing to see
because I had known him before when he
was drinking and smoking and it was fat
and out of shape and taking statins
because his high blood pressure his
Colet his butt cholesterol blood
pressure was statins for cholesterol
right so what it is yeah his body was
very unhealthy and the doctors gave him
an options like look he's changed the
way you eat or take these statins and he
decided to take statins now because he
loved drinking and eating and stuff but
then he got obsessed with jiu-jitsu and
he did he got off the medication and
didn't eat it anymore lost all this
weight look ripped you know it was
interesting and I think a lot of people
that have addictive personalities and he
certainly did they can benefit from
something that you're addicted to that's
really good
remember you saying that your mom used
to say that to you you know replace it
with something better she left me a
message
because I had talked about getting
prostitutes on the radio so she quoted
dr. Phil that's right and I made it one
of my message on my second CD about go
you meet some nice people but she was
right
I met nice people I felt better about
myself when I went to the gym mother was
right yeah she was right you just you
know you got to replace one thing with
the other the thing about going to the
gym is sometimes you just go to the gym
it's fucking boring
and people quit they don't feel
stimulated enough but if you take
classes that's when it's fun yeah like
you take yoga classes or kickboxing
classes or someone's teaching you things
then it becomes fun I just have two
trainers like I like having a trainer
because it makes me go I have to show up
come on I'm fucking worthless that helps
that helps classes are good too though
because a bunch of people are doing it
with you and like there's a bunch of
people in there you struggling I like
yoga because of that because we're all
in it together you know we're all
struggling together I've done some yoga
but I just did I get a little bit I
gotta know the patience for your
breathing focus on your breathing my
breathing sucks so I can't breathe deep
I don't do it right yeah
okay you nose fix homie I got to wrap
this up oh great ma'am it's four o'clock
listen man always a pleasure
yes that we did this me too buddy a
chance weekend can I ask people to watch
the degenerates yeah on Netflix on
season two and just go to my site I got
a whole bunch o and the Irishman they
asked me to plug the Irishman are you in
the Irishman yes I haven't seen it yet
yeah yeah I played Don Rickles oh shit
do you really yeah yeah I got one scene
ah I gotta watch that movie um Jim
Norton on Instagram Jim Norton on
Twitter Jim Norton calm you got it all
right love you buddy I love you man
thanks for has been here bye everybody
[Music]